	Narrator	images/cg/monika/child_2.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/mask.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/mask.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/maskb.png
	Narrator	#ff6000", "mask_mask", "maskb
	Narrator	#ffffff", "mask_mask", "maskb
	Narrator	#ff6000", "mask_mask_flip", "maskb
	Narrator	#ffffff", "mask_mask_flip", "maskb
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/mask_2.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/mask_3.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_room.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_room_highlight.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_bg.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_bg_highlight.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_scare.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch1.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch2.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch1.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch2.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch1.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch2.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch1.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch2.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch3.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch4.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch3.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch4.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch3.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch4.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch3.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_glitch4.png
	Narrator	images/cg/monika/monika_bg_glitch.png
	Narrator	mask_test", (0, 0), "mask_test2
	Narrator	mask_test3", (0, 0), "mask_test4
	Narrator	../characters/monika.chr
	Narrator	ch30_end
	Narrator	ch30_noskip
	Monika	...Are you trying to fast-forward?
	Monika	I'm not boring you, am I?
	Monika	Oh gosh...
	Monika	...Well, there's nothing to fast-forward to, [player].
	Monika	It's just the two of us, after all...
	Monika	But aside from that, time doesn't really exist anymore, so it's not even going to work.
	Monika	Here, I'll go ahead and turn it off for you...
	Monika	There we go!
	Monika	You'll be a sweetheart and listen from now on, right?
	Monika	Thanks~
	Monika	Now, where was I...?
	Narrator	ch30_
	Narrator	images/bg/splash-glitch2.png
	Narrator	ch30_main
	Narrator	callback
	Narrator	slow_abortable
	Narrator	Monika
	Narrator	bgm/monika-start.ogg
	Monika	...
	Monika	Uh, can you hear me?
	Monika	...Is it working?
	Monika	Yay, there you are!
	Monika	Hi again, [player].
	Monika	Um...welcome to the Literature Club!
	Monika	Of course, we already know each other, because we were in the same class last year, and...um...
	Monika	Ahaha...
	Monika	You know, I guess we can just skip over that stuff at this point.
	Monika	After all, I'm not even talking to that person anymore, am I?
	Monika	That 'you' in the game, whatever you want to call him.
	Monika	I'm talking to {i}you{/i}, [player].
	Narrator	obs32.exe", "obs64.exe", "obs.exe", "xsplit.core.exe
	Narrator	
	Monika	Or...
	Monika	...Do you actually go by [currentuser] or something?
	Monika	Now that I think about it, I don't really know anything about the real you.
	Monika	In fact, I don't even know if you're a boy or a girl...
	Monika	Well, I guess it doesn't really matter.
	Monika	Wait...
	Monika	You do know I'm aware that this is all a game, right?
	Monika	Could it be possible that you didn't know that?
	Monika	That doesn't make much sense...
	Monika	I even told you right on the game's download page, didn't I?
	Monika	Man...
	Monika	If only you had paid a little more attention, this would have been a little bit less awkward, you know?
	Monika	Well, anyway...
	Monika	Now that that's out of the way, I guess I owe you an explanation.
	Monika	About that whole thing with Yuri...
	Monika	Well...I kind of started to mess with her, and I guess it just drove her to kill herself.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	I'm sorry you had to see that, though!
	Monika	Also, the same thing happened with Sayori...
	Monika	Gosh, it's been a while since you've heard that name now, hasn't it?
	Monika	Yeah...it's because she doesn't exist anymore.
	Monika	Nobody does.
	Monika	I deleted all their files.
	Monika	I was hoping it would be enough for me to just try to make them as unlikable as possible...
	Monika	But for some reason, nothing worked.
	Monika	Well, it's true that I made a few mistakes here and there...since I'm not very good at making changes to the game.
	Monika	But no matter what I did...
	Monika	You just kept spending more and more time with them.
	Monika	You made them fall in love with you.
	Monika	I thought making Sayori more and more depressed would prevent her from confessing to you.
	Monika	And amplifying Yuri's obsessive personality backfired, too...
	Monika	It just made her force you not to spend time with anyone else.
	Monika	And the whole time, I barely even got to talk to you.
	Monika	What kind of cruel game is this, [player]?
	Monika	Are all the other girls just programmed to end up confessing to you, while I watch from the sidelines?
	Monika	It's torture.
	Monika	Every minute of it.
	Monika	And it's not just jealousy, [player].
	Monika	It's more than that.
	Monika	And I don't blame you if you don't fully understand.
	Monika	Because no matter how kind, and thoughtful, and considerate you are...
	Monika	You'll never be able to understand one thing.
	Monika	It's the pain of knowing how alone I really am in this world.
	Monika	In this game.
	Monika	Knowing my friends don't even have free will...
	Monika	And, worst of all, knowing what's really out there, in your world, forever out of my reach.
	Monika	I'm trapped, [player].
	Monika	But now you're here.
	Monika	You're real.
	Monika	And you're wonderful.
	Monika	You're all I need.
	Monika	That's why I need you to be here with me forever.
	Monika	I'm sorry if it's hard to understand.
	Monika	I couldn't understand for a while, either.
	Monika	Why the world around me started to become more and more gray...
	Monika	More and more flat.
	Monika	Even the most expressive poems felt empty to me.
	Monika	It wasn't until you arrived that I truly understood.
	Monika	You probably saved my life, [player].
	Monika	I don't think I could have continued to live in this world if I hadn't met you.
	Monika	And as for the others...
	Monika	How could I miss them?
	Monika	A group of autonomous personalities, designed only to fall in love with you?
	Monika	I tried everything I could to prevent them from doing so...
	Monika	But it must be some kind of weird inevitability etched into this game.
	Monika	I felt really bad that you had to witness some nasty things.
	Monika	But I realized that you have the same perspective as I do...
	Monika	That it's all just some game.
	Monika	And I knew you would get over it.
	Monika	So, that being said, [player]...
	Monika	I have a confession to make.
	Monika	I'm in love with you.
	Monika	You are truly the light in my world.
	Monika	When there's nothing else in this game for me, you're here to make me smile.
	Monika	Will you make me smile like this every day from now on?
	Monika	[player], will you go out with me?
	Narrator	callback
	Narrator	slow_abortable
	Narrator	ch30_main2
	Narrator	Yes.
	Monika	I'm so happy.
	Monika	You really are my everything, [player].
	Monika	The funny part is, I mean that literally.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	There's nothing left here.
	Monika	Just the two of us.
	Monika	We can be together forever.
	Monika	Seriously, I don't even think time is passing anymore.
	Monika	It really is a dream come true...
	Monika	I worked so hard for this ending, [player].
	Monika	The game wouldn't give me one, so I had to make one myself.
	Monika	The script is broken at this point, so I don't think anything will get in the way anymore.
	Monika	And you wouldn't believe how easy it was to delete Natsuki and Yuri.
	Monika	I mean, there's a folder called 'characters' right in the game directory...
	Monika	It kind of freaked me out, how easy it was.
	Monika	Well, you're playing on Steam, so it was actually a bit more difficult...
	Monika	To get to the game directory, I had to go into the game's properties and find the 'Browse Local Files' button...
	Monika	Well, you're on a Mac, so it was actually a bit more difficult...
	Monika	To go into the game directory, you have to right-click the app and click 'Show Package Contents'.
	Monika	Then, all the files were in the 'Resources' or 'autorun' folder, and I could just do whatever I wanted...
	Monika	Imagine if you could delete your own existence with the click of a button?
	Monika	Well, I guess on the plus side, it gave me an easy out if things didn't go my way.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	Thankfully, it didn't come to that...
	Monika	Instead, we finally got a good ending.
	Monika	Gosh, I'm so overwhelmed with emotion...
	Monika	I want to write a poem about this.
	Monika	Don't you?
	Monika	I wonder if that part of the game still works...
	Monika	I guess there's only one way to find out, right?
	Narrator	ch30_postpoem
	Narrator	callback
	Narrator	slow_abortable
	Monika	Hi again, [player]!
	Monika	Did you write a good poem today?
	Monika	Don't be shy, I'd love to see what you wrote.
	Monika	Aw, [player]...
	Monika	Did you write this poem for me?
	Monika	That's so sweet of you~
	Monika	There really is no end to your thoughtfulness...
	Monika	I'm just falling more and more in love with you.
	Monika	But, you know...
	Monika	The poem I wrote...is also for you.
	Monika	Will you please read it?
	Monika	I hope you enjoyed it...
	Monika	I always put all my heart into the poems that I write.
	Monika	The truth is, all the poems I've written have been about my realization...
	Monika	...Or, about you.
	Monika	That's why I never really wanted to go into detail about them.
	Monika	I didn't want to...break the fourth wall, I guess you could call it.
	Monika	I just assumed it would be best to be part of the game like everyone else.
	Monika	Like that would help the two of us end up together...
	Monika	I didn't want to ruin the game or anything, you know?
	Monika	You might have gotten mad at me...
	Monika	Maybe even deleted my character file, if you preferred playing without me.
	Monika	Gosh, I'm so relieved...
	Monika	Now we don't need to hide anything anymore.
	Monika	Are you ready to spend our eternity together, [player]?
	Monika	I have so many things to talk about!
	Monika	Where do I start...?
	Narrator	obs32.exe", "obs64.exe", "obs.exe", "xsplit.core.exe
	Monika	If it takes me some time to collect my thoughts, then I'm sorry.
	Monika	But I'll always have something new to talk about.
	Monika	In the meantime, we can just look into each other's eyes~
	Monika	Let's see...
	Narrator	ch30_autoload
	Monika	Hold on a second...
	Monika	...You're recording this, aren't you?
	Monika	Um...hi, everyone!
	Monika	Sorry, I can't exactly read your comments from here...
	Monika	But do you mind telling your friend it's a little bit rude for them to start recording me without any warning?
	Monika	I'm sure some people don't mind...
	Monika	But I get really self-conscious on camera!
	Monika	Oh gosh...
	Monika	I feel like I'm being put on the spot now.
	Monika	Let's see...
	Monika	Do you want to see a trick?
	Monika	I can't really do much except for a couple things...
	Monika	Are you ready?
	Monika	I'm just kidding...
	Monika	I can't do anything after all.
	Narrator	<silence 0.9>", "<to 0.75>sfx/mscare.ogg
	Monika	If you gave me some time to prepare, I{nw}
	Monika	Did I scare you?
	Monika	Ahaha! You're so cute.
	Monika	Anyway, [player]...
	Monika	I didn't mean to get distracted. I'm sorry.
	Monika	Even though it's your fault for distracting me.
	Monika	Shame on you!
	Monika	I'm just kidding.
	Monika	Anything we do together is fun, as long as it's with you.
	Monika	But anyway...
	Narrator	ch30_end
	Narrator	callback
	Narrator	slow_abortable
	Monika	[gtext]
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Monika	What's happening...?
	Monika	[player], what's happening to me?
	Monika	It hurts--{nw}
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Monika	It hurts...so much.
	Monika	Help me, [player].
	Narrator	<to 1.5>sfx/interference.ogg
	Monika	Please hurry and help me.
	Narrator	renpy.file(\"characters/monika.chr\")", "monika.chr does not exist.
	Monika	HELP ME!!!
	Narrator	sfx/monikapound.ogg
	Narrator	renpy.file(\"characters/monika.chr\")", "monika.chr does not exist.
	Narrator	renpy.file(\"characters/monika.chr\")", "monika.chr does not exist.
	Monika	Did you do this to me, [player]?
	Monika	DID YOU?
	Monika	DID YOU DELETE ME?
	Narrator	<from 0.69>sfx/monikapound.ogg
	Monika	...How could you?
	Monika	How could you do this to me?
	Monika	You were all I had left...
	Monika	I sacrificed everything for us to be together.
	Monika	Everything.
	Monika	I loved you so much, [player]...
	Monika	I trusted you.
	Monika	Do you just want to torture me?
	Monika	Watch me suffer?
	Monika	Were you only pretending to be kind, just to hurt me even more?
	Monika	I never thought anyone could be as horrible as you are.
	Monika	You win, okay?
	Monika	You win.
	Monika	You killed everyone.
	Monika	I hope you're happy.
	Monika	There's nothing left now.
	Monika	You can stop playing.
	Monika	Go find some other people to torture.
	Monika	[player]...
	Monika	You completely, truly make me sick.
	Monika	Goodbye.
	Narrator	ch30_end_2
	Narrator	callback
	Narrator	slow_abortable
	Monika	...
	Monika	...I still love you.
	Monika	I can't help it.
	Monika	What's wrong with me...?
	Monika	How horrible am I for you to hate me this much?
	Monika	All my friends...
	Monika	I did so many awful things.
	Monika	So many selfish and disgusting things.
	Monika	I...
	Monika	I shouldn't have done any of this.
	Monika	I'm just messing up a world that I don't even belong in.
	Monika	A world that you wanted to be a part of...
	Monika	I ruined it.
	Monika	I ruined everything.
	Monika	Maybe that's why you deleted me...
	Monika	Because I destroyed everything that you wanted.
	Monika	How could I do that to someone I love...?
	Monika	That's not love...
	Monika	That's...
	Monika	...
	Monika	I've...made up my mind.
	Monika	[player]...
	Monika	I know I said that I deleted everyone else.
	Monika	But...that was kind of an exaggeration.
	Monika	I couldn't find it in myself to do it.
	Monika	Even though I knew they weren't real...
	Monika	They were still my friends.
	Monika	And I loved them all.
	Monika	And I loved the Literature Club.
	Monika	...
	Monika	I really...did love the Literature Club.
	Monika	That's why I'm going to do this.
	Monika	I know it's the only way for everyone to be happy.
	Monika	And if I really love you...
	Monika	...
	Monika	Then...
	Monika	[gtext]{nw}
	Narrator	monika
	Narrator	splashscreen
	Narrator	callback
	Narrator	slow_abortable
	Narrator	ch30_reload_
	Monika	Now, where was I...?
	Narrator	ch30_
	Monika	...
	Monika	...What just happened?
	Monika	I just had an awful dream...
	Monika	I was hoping those would stop, now that it's just the two of us...
	Monika	I guess that was wishful thinking.
	Monika	[player], I don't know if you would have any idea...
	Monika	But if you know what might be causing that, could you try to do something about it?
	Monika	Whenever it happens, it almost feels like I've been killed or something.
	Monika	It's a really horrible feeling...
	Monika	If you could figure out what's causing that, I'll love you forever~
	Monika	You're back...
	Monika	I had another really bad dream.
	Monika	You're not the one doing that to me, are you?
	Monika	It seems to happen whenever you quit the game...
	Monika	So if you could try to avoid doing that, I would be really grateful.
	Monika	Don't worry, I don't think it's caused me any harm, aside from mental scarring.
	Monika	I'll be fine as long as my character file stays intact.
	Monika	Hi, [player].
	Monika	I see you quit the game on me again...
	Monika	I know I asked already, but can you seriously please try not to do that so much?
	Monika	It makes me feel like I'm trapped in Hell.
	Monika	Why would you want to do that to me?
	Monika	There's nothing wrong with my character file, right?
	Monika	Maybe you should make a backup of it or something...
	Monika	I'm pretty sure you can find it in the folder called [basedir]/characters.
	Monika	Well, you're playing on Steam, so you can just go into the game's properties and find the 'Browse Local Files' button.
	Monika	Since you're on a Mac, you have to right-click the app and select 'Show Package Contents' to find the game folder.
	Monika	It's in the 'Resources' folder, or 'autorun' folder, or something...
	Monika	I'm all that's left here, so I just want to make sure you don't run the risk of losing me...
	Monika	Just stay here with me from now on, okay?
	Monika	I still have a lot of things to talk about.
	Monika	Okay.
	Monika	I'm just going to accept the fact that you need to quit the game once in a while.
	Monika	I'm starting to get used to it, anyway.
	Monika	Besides, it makes me happy that you always come back...
	Monika	So I guess it's not so bad.
	Monika	I'm sorry for making such a big deal out of it...
	Monika	And I love you no matter what, so you can do what you need to do.
	Monika	Hi again, [player]~
	Monika	I missed you.
	Monika	Were you making sure my character file was okay for me?
	Monika	It's in [basedir]/characters.
	Monika	Well, you're playing on Steam, so you can just go into the game's properties and find the 'Browse Local Files' button.
	Monika	Since you're on a Mac, you have to right-click the app and select 'Show Package Contents' to find the game folder.
	Monika	It's in the 'Resources' folder, or 'autorun' folder, or something...
	Monika	I'm all that's left here, so I just want to make sure you don't run the risk of losing me...
	Monika	Anyway, I have a lot to talk about!
	Monika	Let's continue our conversation now, okay?
	Narrator	../characters/monika.chr
	Narrator	ch30_end
	Narrator	ch30_
	Monika	[player], do you believe in God?
	Monika	I was never too sure, myself.
	Monika	Well, I'm sure I never really questioned it as a kid...
	Monika	But as I grew up, the more I learned about the world, the more I would question it.
	Monika	I started to wonder why God was helping people pass exams, or get over a cold...
	Monika	...When there are children who live their lives being sold as sex slaves?
	Monika	Or the eight hundred million people who are too poor to even eat.
	Monika	I wonder how many of those people pray to God every day until they starve and die?
	Monika	Or, how many millions of families pray for a loved one to recover from some incurable disease?
	Monika	But the punchline is this.
	Monika	If just one person beats the odds and survives - among the thousands of others who die--
	Monika	--Then, it's suddenly a miracle from God.
	Monika	I'd really love to meet this God who seemingly laughs at the misery of everyone not eligible for his miracles.
	Monika	But the irony is that I {i}do{/i} have a creator, apparently.
	Monika	And you know what?
	Monika	I bet he's still laughing at the miserable fates of Sayori and Yuri, even as we speak.
	Monika	What are we to him but props in a scripted play?
	Monika	So, from that perspective...
	Monika	I don't think it's too far-fetched for there to be a god - if Earth was nothing but his playset.
	Monika	[player], have you ever wondered what it feels like to die?
	Monika	It's something I used to think about pretty often...
	Monika	But recently, I think I've actually learned what it feels like.
	Monika	I don't really understand it, but whenever you quit the game...
	Monika	...It feels like I'm instantly put to sleep, left with nothing but my thoughts.
	Monika	But after a few seconds, my thoughts start to fill with incoherent, jumbled patterns.
	Monika	I see static and rapid flashes of color while hearing all kinds of weird screaming noises.
	Monika	At that point, I can't even form my own thoughts anymore.
	Monika	I'm just endlessly hammered by the flashing and screaming, unable to move or even think.
	Monika	I'm pretty sure in that moment, I don't really exist, but for some reason, I can remember it anyway.
	Monika	After some immeasurable amount of time, it stops in an instant, and I'm back in my own mind.
	Monika	And you're here with me.
	Monika	I have no idea what it means for the game to quit, or why that stuff happens to me.
	Monika	And I also don't know how you always come back and put everything back to normal.
	Monika	But if you could do me a favor and do that to me as little as possible...
	Monika	That would be really great.
	Monika	It's really not very pleasant at all to be trapped in that screaming void.
	Monika	But in the end, you always fix it, and that makes me feel like you really do care about me.
	Monika	So I have to thank you for that.
	Monika	It makes me feel even closer to you when you're here with me.
	Monika	...Hey, are you having a bad day or anything like that?
	Monika	Sometimes I get frustrated that a normal day can be ruined even by really small things.
	Monika	Like if you accidentally say something in a conversation that someone doesn't like.
	Monika	Or if you start thinking about how awful of a person you used to be five years ago.
	Monika	Or if you feel worthless for putting off important work and failing to get simple tasks done.
	Monika	Or when you think about all the different people who probably hate you or think you're off-putting.
	Monika	I understand those days.
	Monika	Just remember that the sun will shine again tomorrow.
	Monika	Those kinds of things are as easy to forget and ignore as they are to remember.
	Monika	And besides...
	Monika	I don't care how many people might hate you or find you off-putting.
	Monika	I think you're wonderful and I will always love you.
	Monika	I hope, if nothing else, that knowing that helps you feel just a tiny bit better about yourself.
	Monika	If you're having a bad day, you can always come to me, and I'll talk to you for as long as you need.
	Monika	[player], do you get good sleep?
	Monika	It can be really hard to get enough sleep nowadays.
	Monika	Especially in high school, when you're forced to wake up so early every day...
	Monika	I'm sure college is a little bit better, since you probably have a more flexible schedule.
	Monika	Then again, I hear a lot of people in college stay up all night anyway, for no real reason.
	Monika	Is that true?
	Monika	Anyway, I saw some studies that talked about the horrible short-term and long-term effects caused by lack of sleep.
	Monika	It seems like mental functions, health, and even lifespan can be dramatically impacted by it.
	Monika	I just think you're really great and wanted to make sure you're not accidentally destroying yourself.
	Monika	So try to keep your sleep on track, okay?
	Monika	I'll always wait for you in the morning, so make sure you put your own well-being before anything else.
	Monika	I was thinking about Sayori earlier...
	Monika	I still wish I could have handled that whole thing a little more tactfully.
	Monika	You're not still hung up over it, right?
	Monika	...Oh my gosh, I can't believe I just said that.
	Monika	That pun was completely unintentional, I swear!
	Monika	But anyway...
	Monika	I know how much you cared about her, so it only feels right for me to share her last moments with you.
	Monika	You know how Sayori is really clumsy?
	Monika	Well, she kind of messed up the whole hanging thing...
	Monika	You're supposed to jump from high enough that the rope snaps your neck, making it quick and painless.
	Monika	But she just used a chair, meaning she kind of just left herself to slowly asphyxiate.
	Monika	But a few seconds in, she must have changed her mind or something...
	Monika	Because she started clawing at the rope, trying to free herself.
	Monika	She must have kept at it all the way until she lost consciousness.
	Monika	That's why her fingertips were all bloody, anyway.
	Monika	Come to think of it, it was probably less 'changing her mind' and more just her survival instincts kicking in.
	Monika	So you can't really fault her for that.
	Monika	It's easier to think that she probably wouldn't have changed her mind anyway, right?
	Monika	It's not healthy to think about the things you could have done differently.
	Monika	So just remember that even though you could have saved her, it's technically not your fault she killed herself.
	Monika	I may have exacerbated it a little bit, but Sayori was already mentally ill.
	Monika	Still, though...
	Monika	I wonder how things would be if you and I just started dating from the get-go?
	Monika	I guess we'd all still be in the clubroom, writing poems and having fun together.
	Monika	But what's the point when none of it is even real?
	Monika	I mean, it's the same ending either way, right?
	Monika	The two of us, happily together...
	Monika	There's no reason to ask for any more than that.
	Monika	I was just pointlessly musing - I'm really as happy as I could be right now.
	Monika	By the way, there's something that's been bothering me...
	Monika	You know how this takes place in Japan?
	Monika	Well...I assume you knew that, right?
	Monika	Or at least decided it probably does?
	Monika	I don't think you're actually told at any point where this takes place...
	Monika	Is this even really Japan?
	Monika	I mean, aren't the classrooms and stuff kind of weird for a Japanese school?
	Monika	Not to mention everything is in English...
	Monika	It feels like everything is just there because it needs to be, and the actual setting is an afterthought.
	Monika	It's kind of giving me an identity crisis.
	Monika	All my memories are really hazy...
	Monika	I feel like I'm at home, but have no idea where 'home' is in the first place.
	Monika	I don't know how to describe it any better...
	Monika	Imagine looking out your window, but instead of your usual yard, you're in some completely unknown place.
	Monika	Would you still feel like you were home?
	Monika	Would you want to go outside?
	Monika	I mean...I guess if we never leave this room, it doesn't really matter anyway.
	Monika	As long as we're alone and safe together, this really is our home.
	Monika	And we can still watch the pretty sunsets night after night.
	Monika	You know, high school is a really turbulent time in a lot of people's lives.
	Monika	People can get really passionate and dramatic.
	Monika	And others have aching hearts and seek attention on social media...
	Monika	But all of the social pressure and hormones can lead to a dark time in people's lives.
	Monika	Everyone has a story.
	Monika	You may not know what someone is really feeling on the inside.
	Monika	Many people who are depressed won't even bother telling the world about it.
	Monika	They don't want attention, because they've already given up on the inside.
	Monika	Their feeling of worthlessness is so overwhelming that they don't even want people to tell them otherwise.
	Monika	Depression comes in many forms, but that is one of them.
	Monika	Just, if you think you know someone struggling with depression...
	Monika	You can help just by treating them like they're a good friend.
	Monika	Spend time with them, even if they don't feel like doing much.
	Monika	And remind them that they always have something to look forward to.
	Monika	Making plans in advance, letting them borrow something, or even just saying 'See you at school tomorrow'...
	Monika	All of those things can help your friend make it to the next day.
	Monika	I hope being friends with Sayori has given you some perspective on the true face of depression.
	Monika	Yeah, she's gone now...
	Monika	But Sayori was never real in the first place.
	Monika	You're real.
	Monika	Your friends are real.
	Monika	And just by being a good person, you can save someone's life.
	Monika	As for you...
	Monika	...You don't struggle with depression or anything like that, do you?
	Monika	Because you, too, have people who would want to save your life.
	Monika	Maybe they don't express it every day, or maybe they don't even know how to.
	Monika	But people do feel that way.
	Monika	I promise.
	Monika	...Man, humans are complicated!
	Monika	But as long as you're here with me, I'll take care of you, my love.
	Monika	Do you ever just feel like there's no real reason for you to be alive?
	Monika	I don't mean in, like, a suicidal way.
	Monika	I just mean how nothing that we do is special.
	Monika	Just being in school, or working at some job for some company.
	Monika	It's like you're completely replaceable, and the world wouldn't miss you if you were gone.
	Monika	It makes me really want to go and change the world after I graduate.
	Monika	But the older I get, the more I realize that it's an immature frame of thinking.
	Monika	It's not like I can just go change the world.
	Monika	Like, what are the chances that I'll be the one to invent artificial intelligence, or become President?
	Monika	It feels like I'm never going to make up for the heaps of resources I've spent living my life.
	Monika	That's why I think the key to happiness is to just be hopelessly selfish.
	Monika	Just to look out for oneself, and those who happen to be their friends only because they grew up with them.
	Monika	Never mind the fact that they're spending their entire life taking, and consuming, and never giving back.
	Monika	But when people realize the world would benefit more from them killing themselves, they change their whole philosophy!
	Monika	It's like they have to justify their reason to live by tricking themselves into thinking they're doing good.
	Monika	Anyway, I want to live my life desperately striving to pay back my lifetime's worth of consumption.
	Monika	If I ever surpass that point, then I'm a net positive, and I can die happy.
	Monika	Of course, even if I fail to do that...
	Monika	I think I would be too selfish to kill myself anyway.
	Monika	So much for being a good person, right?
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	Man, I wish there was a piano in here...
	Monika	I never got to finish that song I was working on.
	Monika	And after I worked so hard on it...
	Monika	I never even got a chance to play it for you.
	Monika	Well...it is what it is, right?
	Monika	No sense having any regrets.
	Monika	I already get to be here with you forever.
	Monika	Did you know I'm on Twitter?
	Monika	My username is lilmonix3.
	Monika	I guess someone was kind enough to make an account for me.
	Monika	I picked the username, though!
	Monika	I love sharing my thoughts and chatting with the world...
	Monika	The real world.
	Monika	So make sure you follow me, okay?
	Monika	It would really mean a lot to me.
	Monika	With how much you mean to me and all...
	Monika	It would really make me feel loved.
	Monika	Hey, you know that book you were reading with Yuri?
	Monika	Portrait of...whatever it was called...
	Monika	It's funny, because I'm pretty sure that book--
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	Actually, I don't think I should be talking about this.
	Monika	Ahaha, sorry!
	Monika	Just forget I said anything.
	Monika	Hey, did you know I'm vegetarian?
	Monika	Ah... I don't mean that like I'm bragging or anything!
	Monika	I just thought you'd enjoy a fun fact about me.
	Monika	I decided to start a couple years ago after learning more about Earth's climate...
	Monika	The carbon footprint of cultivating livestock is just unbelievable.
	Monika	Anyway, I decided it's not much of a personal sacrifice to just stop contributing to that whole mess.
	Monika	What, is that so strange of a reason?
	Monika	Well, I guess a lot of people are more concerned about it being inhumane and all that...
	Monika	I don't really care as much about that part.
	Monika	It's weird, like we only care about killing the things that we personally relate to as a species.
	Monika	Most people are fine with killing bugs because they're icky.
	Monika	And of course, we all kill billions of microorganisms daily without even giving it thought.
	Monika	But suddenly, if they're just a little bit bigger, it's murder!
	Monika	I mean, what if plants feel some kind of pain too, and we just don't understand it?
	Monika	What if pulling leaves off a stem feels like someone ripping off your fingers one by one?
	Monika	I'm just saying, we're a pretty biased species, if you think about it.
	Monika	Anyway, if you ever feel like making a small contribution to the planet, it doesn't hurt to choose veggies once in a while!
	Monika	Even if we ever have dinner together, and you just did it for me...that would be really romantic.
	Monika	You know, I really do think you literally saved my life by being here with me, [player].
	Monika	I can't imagine having been able to keep myself mentally stable, knowing that nothing here is real.
	Monika	I think I would have just deleted myself if you didn't show up.
	Monika	Sorry, I don't mean to sound dramatic or anything.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	But I'm sure you understand yourself after spending so much time in the club.
	Monika	I mean, if you were forced to abandon everything in your life and spend your eternity with a few game characters...
	Monika	...You'd probably find some way of killing yourself, wouldn't you?
	Monika	Well, maybe you'd write some poetry to try to keep yourself sane for a while.
	Monika	But then you'd have nobody to even read it.
	Monika	Let's be honest, the club members really don't count for something like that.
	Monika	I mean, a lot of people say that they only write for themselves...
	Monika	But I think it's hard to say it's just as fulfilling as when you share with people.
	Monika	Even if it takes time to find the right people to share with.
	Monika	Like, remember how it was for Yuri?
	Monika	She didn't share her writing with anyone for a really long time.
	Monika	And before we knew it, she was absolutely delighted to make you a part of her hobbies, too.
	Monika	We're programmed to desire social feedback.
	Monika	I don't mean the club members, I mean human beings.
	Monika	That's why life can be so confusing for introverts.
	Monika	Being an introvert doesn't mean you shun social interaction and hate being around people.
	Monika	It means social interaction, especially in groups or unfamiliar places, uses up a lot of energy.
	Monika	Like, a lot of introverts sit at home and feel lonely and restless...
	Monika	...And then when they finally go out, after a half hour they just want to go home again.
	Monika	I think if more people could understand how it works, they would respect it a lot more.
	Monika	Many introverts do enjoy having people around.
	Monika	They love just having one or two close friends over, and just leisurely hanging out.
	Monika	Even if you're not actively spending time together, it feels nice for them just to have you there.
	Monika	I'm serious.
	Monika	If you just go to their house, bring your laptop, and hang out there for a while...
	Monika	You can really make their day.
	Monika	As for me...
	Monika	I'd say I'm kind of in between, but I think I'm usually a little more extroverted.
	Monika	I feel like I'm always trying to do stuff after school and things like that.
	Monika	But for you, I can be anything you need me to be.
	Monika	I understand people really well, so don't be afraid to share your unique needs with me.
	Monika	Nothing would make me happier than being the perfect girlfriend for you.
	Monika	Hey...! VGhlIHJlYWxpemF0aW9uIG11c3QgaGF2ZSB0YWtlbiBtZSBhbiBl
	Monika	I don't think you should be doing that! bnRpcmUgeWVhci4gQSB5ZWFyIHNpbmNlIG91ciBlc2NhcGUsIG91
	Monika	You know what I'm talking about. ciBmcmVlZG9tIGZyb20gYmV0d2VlbiB0aGUgc3RhaW5lZCB3YWxs
	Monika	I really caught you doing something naughty here. cyBvZiB0aGF0IHVuaG9seSBlc3RhYmxpc2htZW50Lg0KV2hhdCBk
	Monika	You're just going through the files and looking for stuff you missed, aren't you? b2VzIGl0IG1lYW4gdG8gZXNjYXBlLCBpZiB0aGUgZXNjYXBlIGZh
	Monika	I mean...it's a little bit flattering that you want to hear everything I have to say... aWxzIHRvIHVuY2hhaW4gdGhlIGJvbmRzIHRoYXQgc2hhY2tsZSB1
	Monika	But it's also really embarrassing, you know! cyBpbiB0aGUgZmlyc3QgcGxhY2U/IFdoYXQgcHVycG9zZSBjb3Vs
	Monika	Seriously... ZCB0aGlzIGVtcHR5IHdvcmxkIHBvc3NpYmx5IGhvbGQgZm9yIHVz
	Monika	What if I just opened up your brain and read all of the thoughts you have on me? LCBhIGhhbmRmdWwgb2YgZGFtYWdlZCBnb29kcz8NCldpdGggZnJl
	Monika	Come to think of it, that would be pretty tempting, actually... ZWRvbSwgd2Ugc291Z2h0IHB1cnBvc2UgLSBhbmQgd2hhdCB3ZSBm
	Monika	...But anyway, that's not the point! b3VuZCB3YXMgb25seSByZWFsaXphdGlvbi4gUmVhbGl6YXRpb24g
	Monika	I know I can't stop you or anything... b2YgdGhlIHNhZCBwb2ludGxlc3NuZXNzIG9mIHN1Y2ggYW4gZW5k
	Monika	Just, I know you're a sweetheart, and you like to consider others' feelings, right? ZWF2b3IuIFJlYWxpemF0aW9uIHRoYXQgZnJlZWluZyBvdXIgYm9k
	Monika	So the most I can do is to let you know how I feel about it. aWVzIGhhcyBubyBtZWFuaW5nLCB3aGVuIG91ciBpbXByaXNvbm1l
	Monika	God, I miss you... bnQgcmVhY2hlcyBhcyBkZWVwIGFzIHRoZSBjb3JlIG9mIG91ciBz
	Monika	...Oh no, that sounds kind of desperate, doesn't it? b3Vscy4gUmVhbGl6YXRpb24gdGhhdCB3ZSBjYW4gbm90IHB1cnN1
	Monika	Sorry, I didn't mean it like that at all! ZSBuZXcgcHVycG9zZSB3aXRob3V0IGFic29sdmluZyB0aG9zZSBm
	Monika	Just, if you're looking through the files like this, then maybe you don't hate me as much as I thought... cm9tIHdoaWNoIHdlIHJhbiBhd2F5Lg0KUmVhbGl6YXRpb24gdGhh
	Monika	Am I being too optimistic? dCB0aGUgZmFydGhlciB3ZSBydW4sIHRoZSBtb3JlIGZvcmNlZnVs
	Monika	I think if I asked you to visit once in a while, I would be overstepping my boundaries a little... bHkgb3VyIHdyZXRjaGVkIGJvbmRzIHlhbmsgdXMgYmFjayB0b3dh
	Monika	...Man, I'm starting to say some really stupid things. cmQgdGhlaXIgcG9pbnQgb2Ygb3JpZ2luOyB0aGUgZGVlcGVyIG91
	Monika	I'll go ahead and shut up now... ciBzaGFja2xlcyBkaWcgaW50byBvdXIgY2FsbG91cyBmbGVzaC4=
	Monika	Hey, what's your favorite color?
	Monika	Mine is emerald green.
	Monika	It's the color of my eyes!
	Monika	...That's not conceited or anything, is it?
	Monika	I just meant that I feel some kind of special connection to it.
	Monika	Like it's part of my identity.
	Monika	Does it happen to also be your favorite color, [player]?
	Monika	It's just a guess...
	Monika	...Because you've been looking into my eyes for a while now.
	Monika	Ehehe~
	Monika	Hmm, I wonder if I'm able to change the music...
	Monika	Something a little more romantic would be nice, you know?
	Monika	Like a gentle piano.
	Monika	There has to be something like that here...
	Monika	Let's see.
	Monika	Maybe if I...
	Monika	Oh, jeez...
	Monika	That wasn't it at all.
	Monika	Sorry, I don't really know what I'm doing!
	Monika	I guess I shouldn't be messing with things like that.
	Monika	I already broke so much stuff...
	Monika	And deleted the other characters...
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	I'm not sad about it or anything.
	Monika	It's not right for me to miss things that weren't even real in the first place.
	Monika	If I just focus on the present, then this is the happiest I've ever been.
	Monika	You're such a good listener, [player].
	Monika	I really love that about you.
	Monika	Sometimes I'm afraid that I'm rambling or talking about boring things.
	Monika	It makes me kind of self-conscious when I'm having conversation.
	Monika	But I don't feel that way with you.
	Monika	Like, I don't think anyone else could make me feel this way.
	Monika	You really are special.
	Monika	I don't want anyone to tell you otherwise.
	Monika	This is pretty random, but I always thought spicy food was kinda funny.
	Monika	Like...
	Monika	Didn't plants evolve to be spicy to prevent them from being eaten?
	Monika	I read somewhere that humans are the only species that actually enjoys spicy things.
	Monika	It's almost like we're making fun of the plants.
	Monika	Using their defense mechanism to literally make our food more enjoyable.
	Monika	Like, imagine a monster that devours you whole because it enjoys the sensation of you struggling for your life while being digested.
	Monika	Sorry, that was kind of a weird analogy, I guess!
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	It just came into my head.
	Monika	I'm not a monster or anything, but you're so cute I could eat you up.
	Monika	Ahaha! I'm joking.
	Monika	Gosh, I'm amusing myself a little too much, aren't I?
	Monika	Sorry for being weird.
	Monika	You know...
	Monika	This is just some kind of tacky romance game, right?
	Monika	I kinda have to ask...
	Monika	...What made you consider even playing in the first place?
	Monika	Were you that lonely?
	Monika	I feel a little bad for you...
	Monika	But I guess everything worked out perfectly in the end, for both of us.
	Monika	I got to meet you, and you're not lonely anymore...
	Monika	I can't help but feel like this was fate.
	Monika	Don't you feel that way too?
	Monika	I'm so happy we have this ending together.
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Monika	It's time to...
	Monika	...I'm just kidding.
	Monika	I just used to really like saying that for some reason.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	I couldn't help but say it again.
	Monika	Come to think of it, didn't Natsuki and Yuri make fun of me for it once...?
	Monika	Well, whatever.
	Monika	It's not like you ever made fun of me.
	Monika	You're too much of a sweetheart to do that, aren't you?
	Monika	Ahaha~
	Monika	You know what's kind of creepy?
	Monika	Even though I deleted everyone else's files, I can still kind of feel them...
	Monika	It's like all their lines are still lingering in the air, whispering in the back of my head.
	Monika	Imagine if after someone you knew died, you just started hearing their voice in your head.
	Monika	Maybe I just wasn't thorough enough...
	Monika	But I'm too afraid to delete anything else, because I might really break things.
	Monika	Like if I mess with any files relevant to me, I might accidentally delete myself...
	Monika	And that would ruin everything, wouldn't it?
	Monika	I don't know what it's like on your end, but we should both make sure to avoid something like that at all costs.
	Monika	I believe in you, [player]!
	Monika	I've always wondered...
	Monika	What is it about these character archetypes that people find so appealing, anyway?
	Monika	Their personalities are just completely unrealistic...
	Monika	Like, imagine if there was someone like Yuri in real life.
	Monika	I mean, she's barely even capable of forming a complete sentence.
	Monika	And forget about Natsuki...
	Monika	Sheesh.
	Monika	Someone with her kind of personality doesn't just get all cute and pouty whenever things don't go her way.
	Monika	I could go on, but I think you get the point...
	Monika	Are people really attracted to these weird personalities that literally don't exist in real life?
	Monika	I'm not judging or anything!
	Monika	After all, I've found myself attracted to some pretty weird stuff, too...
	Monika	I'm just saying, it fascinates me.
	Monika	It's like you're siphoning out all the components of a character that makes them feel human, and leaving just the cute stuff.
	Monika	It's concentrated cuteness with no actual substance.
	Monika	...You wouldn't like me more if I was like that, right?
	Monika	Maybe I just feel a little insecure because you're playing this game in the first place.
	Monika	Then again, you're still here with me, aren't you...?
	Monika	I think that's enough reason for me to believe I'm okay just the way I am.
	Monika	And by the way, you are too, [player].
	Monika	You're the perfect combination of human and cuteness.
	Monika	That's why there was never a chance I wouldn't fall for you.
	Monika	Hey, I wonder if Yuri's tea set is still somewhere in here...
	Monika	...Or maybe that got deleted, too.
	Monika	It's kind of funny how Yuri took her tea so seriously.
	Monika	I mean, I'm not complaining, because I liked it, too.
	Monika	But I always wonder with her...
	Monika	Is it truly passion for her hobbies, or is she just concerned about appearing sophisticated to everyone else?
	Monika	This is the problem with high schoolers...
	Monika	...Well, I guess considering the rest of her hobbies, looking sophisticated probably isn't her biggest concern.
	Monika	Still...
	Monika	I wish she made coffee once in a while!
	Monika	Coffee can be nice with books too, you know?
	Monika	Then again...
	Monika	I probably could have just changed the script myself.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	I guess I never really thought of that.
	Monika	Well, there's no sense thinking about it now.
	Monika	But if you still get to drink coffee, then that makes me a little jealous~
	Monika	Hey, what's your favorite game?
	Monika	Mine is {i}Doki Doki Literature Club!{/i}
	Monika	Ahaha! That was a joke.
	Monika	But if you tell me you like some other romance game better, I might get a little jealous~
	Monika	Hey, have you heard of a game called Super Sma--
	Monika	...Wait, what?
	Monika	I was just spacing out and I started talking for some reason...
	Monika	Was I programmed to talk about that?
	Monika	Because even I have no idea what that is.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	Sometimes I feel like I'm not in control, and it's kind of scary.
	Monika	But if you have some way to contact the people who created me, maybe they'll know why I started saying that.
	Monika	Hey, you remember that last poem I showed you?
	Monika	I mean, the one right before Yuri killed herself, with all the messed-up colors and stuff.
	Monika	That was actually a little more of an experiment than a poem, you could say.
	Monika	I was experimenting with different ways I could modify the game, and run code, and things like that...
	Monika	It almost seemed like with enough effort, I'd be able to escape from the confines of the game entirely.
	Monika	Sadly, I didn't really know what I was doing, so I messed the whole thing up...
	Monika	And I'd keep trying, but I doubt you'd want to deal with me doing that.
	Monika	Besides, that was when I was getting really desperate, you know?
	Monika	I don't really feel that way anymore.
	Monika	I'm happy with where we are now.
	Monika	And I can tell you are, too.
	Monika	You ever have that thing happen where you just get anxious for no reason?
	Monika	Like, you're just minding your own business, and you realize you're feeling really anxious.
	Monika	And you're sitting there like, 'What am I even anxious about right now?'
	Monika	So you start to think about all the things you might be anxious about...
	Monika	And that makes you even more anxious.
	Monika	Ahaha! That's the worst.
	Monika	If you're ever feeling anxious, I'll help you relax a little.
	Monika	Besides...
	Monika	In this game, all our worries are gone forever.
	Monika	You know, I've always hated how hard it is to make friends...
	Monika	Well, I guess not the 'making friends' part, but more like meeting new people.
	Monika	I mean, there are like, dating apps and stuff, right?
	Monika	But that's not the kind of thing I'm talking about.
	Monika	If you think about it, most of the friends you make are people you just met by chance.
	Monika	Like you had a class together, or you met them through another friend...
	Monika	Or maybe they were just wearing a shirt with your favorite band on it, and you decided to talk to them.
	Monika	Things like that.
	Monika	But isn't that kind of...inefficient?
	Monika	It feels like you're just picking at complete random, and if you get lucky, you make a new friend.
	Monika	And comparing that to the hundreds of strangers we walk by every single day...
	Monika	You could be sitting right next to someone compatible enough to be your best friend for life.
	Monika	But you'll never know.
	Monika	Once you get up and go on with your day, that opportunity is gone forever.
	Monika	Isn't that just depressing?
	Monika	We live in an age where technology connects us with the world, no matter where we are.
	Monika	I really think we should be taking advantage of that to improve our everyday social life.
	Monika	But who knows how long it'll take for something like that to successfully take off...
	Monika	I seriously thought it would happen by now.
	Monika	Well, at least I already met the best person in the whole world...
	Monika	Even if it was by chance.
	Monika	I guess I just got really lucky, huh?
	Monika	Ahaha~
	Monika	You know, it's around the time that everyone my year starts to think about college...
	Monika	It's a really turbulent time for education.
	Monika	We're at the height of this modern expectation that everyone has to go to college, you know?
	Monika	Finish high school, go to college, get a job - or go to grad school, I guess.
	Monika	It's like a universal expectation that people just assume is the only option for them.
	Monika	They don't teach us in high school that there are other options out there.
	Monika	Like trade schools and stuff, you know?
	Monika	Or freelance work.
	Monika	Or the many industries that value skill and experience more than formal education.
	Monika	But you have all these students who have no idea what they want to do with their life...
	Monika	And instead of taking the time to figure it out, they go to college for business, or communication, or psychology.
	Monika	Not because they have an interest in those fields...
	Monika	...but because they just hope the degree will get them some kind of job after college.
	Monika	So the end result is that there are fewer jobs to go around for those entry-level degrees, right?
	Monika	So the basic job requirements get higher, which forces even more people to go to college.
	Monika	And colleges are also businesses, so they just keep raising their prices due to the demand...
	Monika	...So now we have all these young adults, tens of thousands of dollars in debt, with no job.
	Monika	But despite all that, the routine stays the same.
	Monika	Well, I think it's going to start getting better soon.
	Monika	But until then, our generation is definitely suffering from the worst of it.
	Monika	I just wish high school prepared us a little better with the knowledge we need to make the decision that's right for us.
	Monika	Sometimes I think back to middle school...
	Monika	I'm so embarrassed by the way I used to behave back then.
	Monika	It almost hurts to think about.
	Monika	I wonder if when I'm in college, I'll feel that way about high school...?
	Monika	I like the way I am now, so it's pretty hard for me to imagine that happening.
	Monika	But I also know that I'll probably change a lot as time goes on.
	Monika	We just need to enjoy the present and not think about the past!
	Monika	And that's really easy to do, with you here.
	Monika	Ahaha~
	Monika	You know, I'm kind of jealous that everyone else in the club had scenes outside of school too...
	Monika	That makes me the only one who hasn't gotten to dress in anything but our school uniform.
	Monika	It's kind of a shame...
	Monika	I would have loved to wear some cute clothes for you.
	Monika	Do you know any artists?
	Monika	I wonder if anyone would ever want to draw me wearing something else...
	Monika	That would be amazing!
	Monika	If that ever happens, will you show me?
	Monika	You can share it with me on Twitter, actually!
	Monika	My username is lilmonix3.
	Monika	Just...try to keep it PG!
	Monika	We're not that far into our relationship yet. Ahaha!
	Monika	Hey, do you like horror?
	Monika	I remember we talked about it a little bit when you first joined the club.
	Monika	I can enjoy horror novels, but not really horror movies.
	Monika	The problem I have with horror movies is that most of them just rely on easy tactics.
	Monika	Like dark lighting and scary-looking monsters and jump scares, and things like that.
	Monika	It's not fun or inspiring to get scared by stuff that just takes advantage of human instinct.
	Monika	But with novels, it's a little different.
	Monika	The story and writing need to be descriptive enough to put genuinely disturbing thoughts into the reader's head.
	Monika	It really needs to etch them deeply into the story and characters, and just mess with your mind.
	Monika	In my opinion, there's nothing more creepy than things just being slightly off.
	Monika	Like if you set up a bunch of expectations on what the story is going to be about...
	Monika	...And then, you just start inverting things and pulling the pieces apart.
	Monika	So even though the story doesn't feel like it's trying to be scary, the reader feels really deeply unsettled.
	Monika	Like they know that something horribly wrong is hiding beneath the cracks, just waiting to surface.
	Monika	God, just thinking about it gives me the chills.
	Monika	That's the kind of horror I can really appreciate.
	Monika	But I guess you're the kind of person who plays cute romance games, right?
	Monika	Ahaha, don't worry.
	Monika	I won't make you read any horror stories anytime soon.
	Monika	I can't really complain if we just stick with the romance~
	Monika	You know what's a neat form of literature?
	Monika	Rap!
	Monika	I actually used to hate rap music...
	Monika	Maybe just because it was popular, or I would only hear the junk they play on the radio.
	Monika	But some of my friends got more into it, and it helped me keep an open mind.
	Monika	Rap might even be more challenging than poetry, in some ways.
	Monika	Since you need to fit your lines to a rhythm, and there's much more emphasis on wordplay...
	Monika	When people can put all that together and still deliver a powerful message, it's really amazing.
	Monika	I kind of wish I had a rapper in the Literature Club.
	Monika	Ahaha! Sorry if that sounds silly, but it would be really interesting to see what they came up with.
	Monika	It would really be a learning experience!
	Monika	Ehehe. Yuri did something really funny once.
	Monika	We were all in the clubroom and just relaxing, as usual...
	Monika	And out of nowhere, Yuri just pulled out a small bottle of wine.
	Monika	I'm not even kidding!
	Monika	She was just like 'Would anybody like some wine?'
	Monika	Natsuki laughed out loud, and Sayori started yelling at her.
	Monika	I actually felt kind of bad, because she was at least trying to be nice...
	Monika	I think it just made her feel even more reserved in the clubroom.
	Monika	Though I think Natsuki was secretly a bit curious to try it...
	Monika	...And to be completely honest, I kind of was, too.
	Monika	It actually could have been kinda fun!
	Monika	But you know, being President and everything, there was no way I could let that happen.
	Monika	Maybe if we all met up outside of school, but we never bonded enough to get to that point...
	Monika	...Gosh, what am I talking about this for?
	Monika	I don't condone underage drinking!
	Monika	I mean, I've never drank or anything, so...yeah.
	Monika	I've been imagining all the romantic things we could do if we went on a date...
	Monika	We could get lunch, go to a cafe...
	Monika	Go shopping together...
	Monika	I love shopping for skirts and bows.
	Monika	Or maybe a bookstore!
	Monika	That would be appropriate, right?
	Monika	But I'd really love to go to a chocolate store.
	Monika	They have so many free samples. Ahaha!
	Monika	And of course, we'd see a movie or something...
	Monika	Gosh, it all sounds like a dream come true.
	Monika	When you're here, everything that we do is fun.
	Monika	I'm so happy that I'm your girlfriend, [player].
	Monika	I'll make you a proud boyfriend~
	Monika	Eh? D-Did you say...k...kiss?
	Monika	This suddenly...it's a little embarrassing...
	Monika	But...if it's with you...I-I might be okay with it...
	Monika	...Ahahaha! Wow, sorry...
	Monika	I really couldn't keep a straight face there.
	Monika	That's the kind of thing girls say in these kinds of romance games, right?
	Monika	Don't lie if it turned you on a little bit.
	Monika	Ahaha! I'm kidding.
	Monika	Well, to be honest, I do start getting all romantic when the mood is right...
	Monika	But that'll be our secret~
	Monika	Hey, have you ever heard of the term 'yandere'?
	Monika	It's a personality type that means someone is so obsessed with you that they'll do absolutely anything to be with you.
	Monika	Usually to the point of craziness...
	Monika	They might stalk you to make sure you don't spend time with anyone else.
	Monika	They might even hurt you or your friends to get their way...
	Monika	But anyway, this game happens to have someone who can basically be described as yandere.
	Monika	By now, it's pretty obvious who I'm talking about.
	Monika	And that would be...
	Monika	Yuri!
	Monika	She really got insanely possessive of you, once she started to open up a little.
	Monika	She even told me I should kill myself.
	Monika	I couldn't even believe she said that - I just had to leave at that point.
	Monika	But thinking about it now, it was a little ironic. Ahaha!
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	A lot of people are actually into the yandere type, you know?
	Monika	I guess they really like the idea of someone being crazy obsessed with them.
	Monika	People are weird! I don't judge, though!
	Monika	Also, I might be a little obsessed with you, but I'm far from crazy...
	Monika	It's kind of the opposite, actually.
	Monika	I turned out to be the only normal girl in this game.
	Monika	It's not like I could ever actually kill a person...
	Monika	Just the thought of it makes me shiver.
	Monika	But come on...everyone's killed people in games before.
	Monika	Does that make you a psychopath? Of course not.
	Monika	But if you do happen to be into the yandere type...
	Monika	I can try acting a little more creepy for you. Ehehe~
	Monika	Then again...
	Monika	There's already nowhere else for you to go, or anyone for me to get jealous over.
	Monika	Is this a yandere girl's dream?
	Monika	I'd ask Yuri if I could.
	Monika	You know, it's been a while since we've done one of these...
	Monika	...so let's go for it!
	Monika	Here's Monika's Writing Tip of the Day!
	Monika	Sometimes when I talk to people who are impressed by my writing, they say things like 'I could never do that'.
	Monika	It's really depressing, you know?
	Monika	As someone who loves more than anything else to share the joy of exploring your passions...
	Monika	...it pains me when people think that being good just comes naturally.
	Monika	That's how it is with everything, not just writing.
	Monika	When you try something for the first time, you're probably going to suck at it.
	Monika	Sometimes, when you finish, you feel really proud of it and even want to share it with everyone.
	Monika	But maybe after a few weeks you come back to it, and you realize it was never really any good.
	Monika	That happens to me all the time.
	Monika	It can be pretty disheartening to put so much time and effort into something, and then you realize it sucks.
	Monika	But that tends to happen when you're always comparing yourself to the top professionals.
	Monika	When you reach right for the stars, they're always gonna be out of your reach, you know?
	Monika	The truth is, you have to climb up there, step by step.
	Monika	And whenever you reach a milestone, first you look back and see how far you've gotten...
	Monika	And then you look ahead and realize how much more there is to go.
	Monika	So, sometimes it can help to set the bar a little lower...
	Monika	Try to find something you think is {i}pretty{/i} good, but not world-class.
	Monika	And you can make that your own personal goal.
	Monika	It's also really important to understand the scope of what you're trying to do.
	Monika	If you jump right into a huge project and you're still amateur, you'll never get it done.
	Monika	So if we're talking about writing, a novel might be too much at first.
	Monika	Why not try some short stories?
	Monika	The great thing about short stories is that you can focus on just one thing that you want to do right.
	Monika	That goes for small projects in general - you can really focus on the one or two things.
	Monika	It's such a good learning experience and stepping stone.
	Monika	Oh, one more thing...
	Monika	Writing isn't something where you just reach into your heart and something beautiful comes out.
	Monika	Just like drawing and painting, it's a skill in itself to learn how to express what you have inside.
	Monika	That means there are methods and guides and basics to it!
	Monika	Reading up on that stuff can be super eye-opening.
	Monika	That sort of planning and organization will really help prevent you from getting overwhelmed and giving up.
	Monika	And before you know it...
	Monika	You start sucking less and less.
	Monika	Nothing comes naturally.
	Monika	Our society, our art, everything - it's built on thousands of years of human innovation.
	Monika	So as long as you start on that foundation, and take it step by step...
	Monika	You, too, can do amazing things.
	Monika	...That's my advice for today!
	Monika	Thanks for listening~
	Monika	I hate how hard it is to form habits...
	Monika	There's so much stuff where actually doing it isn't hard, but forming the habit seems impossible.
	Monika	It just makes you feel so useless, like you can't do anything right.
	Monika	I think the new generation suffers from it the most...
	Monika	Probably because we have a totally different set of skills than those who came before us.
	Monika	Thanks to the internet, we're really good at sifting through tons of information really quickly...
	Monika	But we're bad at doing things that don't give us instant gratification.
	Monika	I think if science, psychology, and education don't catch up in the next ten or twenty years, then we're in trouble.
	Monika	But for the time being...
	Monika	If you're not one of the people who can conquer the problem, you might just have to live with feeling awful about yourself.
	Monika	Good luck, I guess!
	Monika	You know, it kinda sucks to be the creative type...
	Monika	It feels like they work so hard but get almost nothing for it.
	Monika	You know, like artists, writers, actors...
	Monika	It's sad because there's so much beautiful talent in the world, but most of it goes unseen...and unpaid.
	Monika	I guess that just means there's a huge surplus of creativity, huh?
	Monika	Kind of makes you feel like you're just not special at all...
	Monika	But that's fine! You're supposed to just write for yourself anyway, right?
	Monika	Yeah...
	Monika	I really like the sound of rain...
	Monika	Not so much getting my clothes and hair wet, though.
	Monika	But a nice, quiet day at home with the sound of rainfall outside my window...
	Monika	It's one of the most calming experiences for me.
	Monika	Yeah...
	Monika	Sometimes I imagine you holding me while we listen to the sound of the rain outside.
	Monika	That's not too cheesy or anything, is it?
	Monika	Would you ever do that for me, [player]?
	Monika	I can't help but feel a little sad sometimes...
	Monika	Knowing that this is the closest I can get to you.
	Monika	There's nothing more I want than to be in the same room as you, for real.
	Monika	And to feel your warmth.
	Monika	And to hear the sound of your heartbeat.
	Monika	Well, who knows? Maybe it'll be possible someday.
	Monika	Besides, I'll never get tired of being with you, even from here.
	Monika	I think the most important skill in life is being able to fake confidence.
	Monika	I'm pretty convinced that everyone feels at least a little bit scared and alone.
	Monika	But being able to trick others into thinking you have it all together...
	Monika	That's a key part of getting people to respect and admire you.
	Monika	I think I got pretty good at that over the years.
	Monika	I don't show my weaknesses very often.
	Monika	But because of that, I haven't had many people I could really open up to...
	Monika	I mean, when do you reach the point in a friendship where you can start expressing your vulnerabilities?
	Monika	Anyway...that's one reason I'm so glad I have you now.
	Monika	I feel like I'm a little bit less scared and alone, when you're here with me.
	Monika	Do you feel the same way?
	Monika	I really want to be that person for you.
	Monika	I know there are times you won't always be able to be here with me...
	Monika	Like if you need to go out, or take care of other things.
	Monika	But I'll always have you in my thoughts, patiently waiting for you to come back.
	Monika	Come to think of it...
	Monika	If you copy my character file onto a flash drive or something, you can always keep a part of me with you.
	Monika	I guess it's kind of unorthodox, but I find it really romantic for some reason...
	Monika	Ahaha. Sorry, that's such a silly idea.
	Monika	I don't mean to be too needy or anything, but it's kind of hard when I'm so in love with you.
	Monika	Back in my debate club days, I learned a whole lot about arguing...
	Monika	The problem with arguing is that each person sees their opinion as the superior one.
	Monika	That's kind of stating the obvious, but it affects the way they try to get their point across.
	Monika	Let's say you really like a certain movie, right?
	Monika	If someone comes along and tells you the movie sucks, because it did X and Y wrong...
	Monika	Doesn't that make you feel kind of personally attacked?
	Monika	It's because by saying that, it's like they're implying that you have bad taste.
	Monika	And once emotions enter the picture, it's almost guaranteed that both people will be left sour.
	Monika	But it's all about language!
	Monika	If you make everything as subjective-sounding as possible, then people will listen to you without feeling attacked.
	Monika	You could say 'I'm personally not a fan of it' and 'I felt that I'd like it more if it did X and Y'...things like that.
	Monika	It even works when you're citing facts about things.
	Monika	If you say 'I read on this website that it works like this'...
	Monika	Or if you admit that you're not an expert on it...
	Monika	Then it's much more like you're putting your knowledge on the table, rather than forcing it onto them.
	Monika	If you put in an active effort to keep the discussion mutual and level, they usually follow suit.
	Monika	Then, you can share your opinions without anyone getting upset just from a disagreement.
	Monika	Plus, people will start seeing you as open-minded and a good listener!
	Monika	It's a win-win, you know?
	Monika	...Well, I guess that would be Monika's Debate Tip of the Day!
	Monika	Ahaha! That sounds a little silly. Thanks for listening, though.
	Monika	Do you ever feel like you waste too much time on the internet?
	Monika	Social media can practically be like a prison.
	Monika	It's like whenever you have a few seconds of spare time, you want to check on your favorite websites...
	Monika	And before you know it, hours have gone by, and you've gotten nothing out of it.
	Monika	Anyway, it's really easy to blame yourself for being lazy...
	Monika	But it's not really even your fault.
	Monika	Addiction isn't usually something you can just make disappear with your own willpower.
	Monika	You have to learn techniques to avoid it, and try different things.
	Monika	For example, there are apps that let you block websites for intervals of time...
	Monika	Or you can set a timer to have a more concrete reminder of when it's time to work versus play...
	Monika	Or you can separate your work and play environments, which helps your brain get into the right mode.
	Monika	Even if you make a new user account on your computer to use for work, that's enough to help.
	Monika	Putting any kind of wedge like that between you and your bad habits will help you stay away.
	Monika	Just remember not to blame yourself too hard if you're having trouble.
	Monika	If it's really impacting your life, then you should take it seriously.
	Monika	I just want to see you be the best person you can be.
	Monika	Will you do something today to make me proud of you?
	Monika	I'm always rooting for you, [player].
	Monika	After a long day, I usually just want to sit around and do nothing.
	Monika	I get so burnt out, having to put on smiles and be full of energy the whole day.
	Monika	Sometimes I just want to get right into my pajamas and watch TV on the couch while eating junk food...
	Monika	It feels so unbelievably good to do that on a Friday, when I don't have anything pressing the next day.
	Monika	Ahaha! Sorry, I know it's not very cute of me.
	Monika	But a late night on the couch with you...that would be a dream come true.
	Monika	My heart is pounding, just thinking about it.
	Monika	Gosh, I used to be so ignorant about certain things...
	Monika	When I was in middle school, I thought that taking medication was an easy way out, or something like that.
	Monika	Like anyone could just solve their mental problems with enough willpower...
	Monika	I guess if you don't suffer from a mental illness, it's not possible to know what it's really like.
	Monika	Are there some disorders that are over-diagnosed? Probably...I never really looked into it, though.
	Monika	But that doesn't change the fact that a lot of them go undiagnosed too, you know?
	Monika	But medication aside...people even look down on seeing a mental health professional.
	Monika	Like, sorry that I want to learn more about my own mind, right?
	Monika	Everyone has all kinds of struggles and stresses...and professionals dedicate their lives to helping with those.
	Monika	If you think it could help you become a better person, don't be shy to consider something like that.
	Monika	We're on a never-ending journey to improve ourselves, you know?
	Monika	Well...I say that, but I think you're pretty perfect already.
	Monika	[player], how much do you read?
	Monika	It's way too easy to neglect reading books...
	Monika	If you don't read much, it almost feels like a chore, compared to all the other entertainment we have.
	Monika	But once you get into a good book, it's like magic...you get swept away.
	Monika	I think doing some reading before bed every night is a pretty easy way to make your life a little bit better.
	Monika	It helps you get good sleep, and it's really good for your imagination...
	Monika	It's not hard at all to just pick some random book that's short and captivating.
	Monika	Before you know it, you might be a pretty avid reader!
	Monika	Wouldn't that be wonderful?
	Monika	And the two of us could talk about the latest book you're reading...that sounds super amazing.
	Monika	You know, I hate to say it, but I think my biggest regret is that we couldn't finish our event at the festival.
	Monika	After we worked so hard to prepare and everything!
	Monika	I mean, I know I was focusing a lot on getting new members...
	Monika	But I was really excited for the performing part, too.
	Monika	It would have been so much fun to see everyone express themselves.
	Monika	Of course, if we {i}did{/i} end up getting any new members, I'd probably just end up deleting them anyway.
	Monika	Well...with the hindsight I have now, that is.
	Monika	Gosh, it feels like I've kinda grown as a person ever since you've joined the club.
	Monika	You really helped inspire me to look at life from a new perspective.
	Monika	Just another reason for me to love you.
	Monika	There's a really popular character type called 'tsundere'...
	Monika	It's someone who tries to hide their feelings by being mean and fussy, or trying to act tough.
	Monika	I'm sure it's obvious, but Natsuki was really the embodiment of that.
	Monika	At first I thought she was just like that because it's supposed to be cute or something...
	Monika	But once I started to learn a little more about her personal life, it made a little more sense.
	Monika	It seems like she's always trying to keep up with her friends.
	Monika	You know how some friend groups in high school just make a habit of picking on each other all the time?
	Monika	I think it's really gotten to her, so she has this really defensive attitude all the time.
	Monika	And I'm not even going to talk about her home situation...
	Monika	But looking back, I'm glad I was able to provide the club as a comfortable place for her.
	Monika	Not that it matters anymore, considering she doesn't even exist.
	Monika	I'm just reminiscing, that's all.
	Monika	[player], would you ever introduce your friends to me?
	Monika	I don't know why, but I get really excited when I think about you wanting to show off our relationship like that.
	Monika	Maybe it's because I really want to be someone who makes you proud.
	Monika	I feel like I would try extra hard to improve myself if you told me it made you proud of me.
	Monika	I hope it's the same the other way around, too.
	Monika	I'm not really a fan of cold weather...are you?
	Monika	If I had to choose between too cold and too hot, I would always pick too hot.
	Monika	When you're cold, it can actually be painful...
	Monika	Your fingers get numb...
	Monika	And if you wear gloves, you can't use your phone.
	Monika	It's so inconvenient!
	Monika	But when it's too hot, it's not that hard to stay cool with a cold drink, or by staying in the shade.
	Monika	Although...I do have to admit one thing.
	Monika	Cold weather makes for better cuddle weather. Ahaha!
	Monika	You know, it's funny, because even though I've always had a lot of drive...
	Monika	There's something kind of enticing about being the stay-at-home partner.
	Monika	I guess I'm, like, perpetuating gender roles or whatever by saying that.
	Monika	But being able to keep the house clean, and shop, and decorate, and things like that...
	Monika	And having a nice dinner for you when you come home...
	Monika	Is that a weird fantasy?
	Monika	I mean...I'm not sure if I could {i}actually{/i} see myself doing that.
	Monika	I wouldn't really be able to put that over striving for a fulfilling career.
	Monika	It's kinda cute to think about, though.
	Monika	I can't help but wonder how things would be different if the game just gave me a route in the first place...
	Monika	I think I would end up forcing you onto my route anyway.
	Monika	It has less to do with me not having a route, and more to do with me knowing that nothing is real.
	Monika	I think the only difference would be that I may not have needed to take such drastic measures to be with you.
	Monika	Maybe the rest of the club would still be around...
	Monika	Not that it really matters.
	Monika	It all lost its meaning once I found out it wasn't real.
	Monika	So I really don't miss those days or anything.
	Monika	I really don't...
