	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch1.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch2.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch1.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch2.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch1.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch2.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch1.png
	Narrator	sayori/end-glitch2.png
	Narrator	Sayori
	Narrator	../characters/monika.chr
	Narrator	dialog", message="Please stop playing with my heart.\nI don't want to come back.
	Narrator	monika
	Narrator	It's an ordinary school day, like any other.
	Narrator	As usual, I'm surrounded by couples and friend groups walking to school together.
	Narrator	I always tell myself it's about time I meet some girls or something like that...
	Sayori	Hey, [player]...
	Narrator	...Well, there already is one girl.
	Narrator	That girl is Sayori, my neighbor and good friend since we were children.
	Narrator	We used to walk to school together every day...
	Narrator	...And recently, we've picked up that habit once again.
	Sayori	[player], are you proud of me?
	MC	Eh? For what?
	Sayori	You know...
	Sayori	For waking up on time!
	MC	Well, you've been doing that for a while now...
	Sayori	Uh-huh!
	Sayori	But you never even said anything about it!
	Sayori	Even though we walk to school together every day...
	MC	Well, yeah...
	MC	I always thought it was implied.
	MC	It's embarrassing to say out loud.
	Sayori	C'mon, please?
	Sayori	It's good motivation~
	MC	Fine, fine...
	MC	I'm proud of you, Sayori.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Narrator	We cross the street together and make our way to school.
	Narrator	As we draw near, the streets become increasingly speckled with other students making their daily commute.
	Sayori	By the way, [player]...
	Sayori	Have you decided on a club to join yet?
	MC	A club?
	MC	I told you already, I'm really not--
	Narrator	I start to say what I always do - that I'm not interested in joining any clubs.
	Narrator	But something tells me Sayori would take more offense to that now.
	Narrator	After all, how could I tell her that clubs are a waste of time...
	Narrator	...when she's starting a club of her very own?
	MC	...Actually, yeah.
	MC	I think I've decided on a club.
	Sayori	Really?!
	Sayori	Which one? Tell me!
	MC	Hmm...
	MC	I think I'll keep it a surprise.
	Sayori	Boo...
	Sayori	You meanie.
	MC	Be patient, you'll find out soon enough.
	Narrator	I used to ask myself why I let myself get lectured by such a carefree girl.
	Narrator	But I started to realize that in a way, I envy her.
	Narrator	When Sayori puts her mind to something, she can accomplish great things.
	Narrator	So that's why I feel like I should do something special for her.
	Narrator	The school day is as ordinary as ever, and it's over before I know it.
	Narrator	After I pack up my things, I stand up, gathering my motivation.
	MC	Let's see...
	Narrator	I recall the room number of the club from a flier I saw.
	Narrator	I walk across the school and upstairs - a section of the school I rarely visit, being generally used for third-year classes and activities.
	Narrator	Before long, I find the room.
	Narrator	I timidly open the door in front of me.
	MC	Hello...?
	Sayori	Ah!
	Sayori	[player]...?!
	Sayori	W-What are you doing here?
	MC	Well...I just--
	Narrator	Eh? I glance around the room.
	Natsuki	Huh.
	Natsuki	So you're the [player] that Sayori's always talking about?
	Yuri	T-Thank you for stopping by!
	Yuri	It's a pleasure to meet you, [player].
	Yuri	We're the Literature Club.
	Yuri	I-I hope you enjoy your visit!
	Natsuki	C'mon, Yuri...
	Natsuki	No need to be so formal.
	Natsuki	He's gonna think we're really strict or something...
	Narrator	Yuri
	Narrator	Natsuki
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	Sorry, Natsuki...
	Narrator	The tall one, whose name is apparently Yuri, seems to be quite shy compared to the others.
	Narrator	In comparison, the girl named Natsuki - despite her size - seems like the assertive one.
	MC	Well, it's nice to meet both of you.
	MC	I look forward to working with you.
	Sayori	W-Working...?
	Sayori	[player], don't tell me...
	Sayori	You're...
	MC	That's right.
	MC	The club I've decided to join is yours, Sayori.
	MC	The Literature Club.
	Narrator	Sayori's eyes light up.
	Sayori	...No way.
	Sayori	No way!
	Sayori	Aaaahhhhhh!
	Narrator	Sayori wraps her arms around me, jumping up and down.
	MC	H-Hey--
	Natsuki	Ehehe.
	Natsuki	Well, if Sayori is this happy, then I'm sure it won't be so bad to have you around.
	Yuri	Not to mention there's four of us now.
	Yuri	That means we can become an officially-recognized club.
	Sayori	I don't know what to say!
	Sayori	We have to celebrate!
	Yuri	Huhu.
	Yuri	What an appropriate day for that, isn't it?
	Sayori	Yeah!
	Sayori	After all, Natsuki decided to--
	Natsuki	Hey, don't ruin the surprise!
	Sayori	Ehehe, sorry...
	Natsuki	Everyone sit down at the table, okay?
	Yuri	How about I make some tea as well?
	Narrator	The girls have a few desks arranged to form a table.
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri walk over to the corner of the room, where Natsuki grabs a wrapped tray and Yuri opens the closet.
	Narrator	Still feeling awkward, I take a seat next to Sayori.
	Narrator	Natsuki proudly marches back to the table, tray in hand.
	Natsuki	Okaaay, are you ready?
	Natsuki	...Ta-daa!
	Sayori	Uwooooah!
	Narrator	Natsuki lifts the foil off the tray to reveal a dozen white, fluffy cupcakes decorated to look like little cats.
	Narrator	The whiskers are drawn with icing, and little pieces of chocolate were used to make ears.
	Sayori	So cuuuute~!
	MC	Wow, those look amazing.
	Natsuki	Ehehe. Well, you know.
	Natsuki	Just hurry and take one!
	Narrator	Sayori grabs one first, then I follow.
	Sayori	It's delicious!
	Narrator	Sayori talks with her mouth full and has already managed to get icing on her face.
	Narrator	I turn the cupcake around in my fingers, looking for the best angle to take a bite.
	Narrator	Natsuki is quiet.
	Narrator	I can't help but notice her sneaking glances in my direction.
	Narrator	Is she waiting for me to take a bite?
	Narrator	I finally bite down.
	Narrator	The icing is sweet and full of flavor - I wonder if she made it herself.
	MC	This is really good.
	MC	Thank you, Natsuki.
	Natsuki	W-Well...of course it is!
	Natsuki	I'm a pro, after all!
	Natsuki	There's no need to thank me or anything...
	Narrator	As Natsuki struggles to accept the compliment, Yuri returns to the table, carrying a tea set.
	Narrator	She carefully places a teacup in front of each of us before setting down the teapot next to the cupcake tray.
	MC	You keep a whole tea set in this classroom?
	Yuri	Don't worry, the teachers gave us permission.
	Yuri	After all, doesn't a hot cup of tea help you enjoy a good book?
	MC	Ah... I-I guess...
	Natsuki	Ehehe. Already trying to impress our new member, Yuri?
	Yuri	Eh?! T-That's not...
	Narrator	Insulted, Yuri looks away.
	Yuri	I meant that, you know...
	MC	I believe you.
	MC	Well, tea and reading might not be a pastime for me, but I at least enjoy tea.
	Yuri	I'm glad...
	Narrator	Yuri faintly smiles to herself in relief.
	Yuri	So, [player], what kinds of things do you like to read?
	MC	Well... Ah...
	Narrator	Considering how little I've read these past few years, I don't really have a good way of answering that.
	MC	...Manga...
	Narrator	I mutter quietly to myself, half-joking.
	Narrator	Natsuki's head suddenly perks up.
	Narrator	It looks like she wants to say something, but she keeps quiet.
	Yuri	N-Not much of a reader, I guess...
	MC	...Well, that can change...
	Narrator	What am I saying?
	Narrator	I spoke without thinking after seeing Yuri's sad smile.
	MC	Anyway, what about you, Yuri?
	Yuri	Well, let's see...
	Narrator	Yuri traces the rim of her teacup with her finger.
	Yuri	My favorites are usually novels that build deep and complex fantasy worlds.
	Yuri	The level of creativity and craftsmanship behind them is amazing to me.
	Yuri	And telling a good story in such a foreign world is equally impressive.
	Narrator	Yuri goes on, clearly passionate about her reading.
	Narrator	She seemed so reserved and timid since the moment I walked in, but it's obvious by the way her eyes light up that she finds her comfort in the world of books, not people.
	Yuri	But you know, I like a lot of things.
	Yuri	Don't feel intimidated if you don't read much, okay?
	Yuri	I'm certain we can find something that we have in common.
	Natsuki	Hey, Yuri...
	Yuri	Eh?
	Natsuki	Well, about...you know, the first thing he said...
	MC	Manga?
	Yuri	That's right...
	Yuri	Natsuki tends to read manga in the clubroom--
	Natsuki	D-Don't just say it!!
	Narrator	For some reason, Natsuki seems embarrassed about it.
	Natsuki	Besides...
	Natsuki	Manga...is literature too, you know?
	Natsuki	So...if [player] wants to read some of my manga, then don't try to stop him or anything!
	Yuri	Natsuki...
	Yuri	I wouldn't do such a thing.
	Yuri	However, it could also be nice for us to diversify ourselves a little...
	Yuri	He can take this opportunity to try something new, as well.
	Yuri	Wouldn't you agree, [player]?
	Sayori	M-Maybe--
	Narrator	Sensing the tension, Sayori jumps in.
	Sayori	Maybe we can all try something new!
	Sayori	I think it could be fun...
	Sayori	And we'll all get to know each other a little bit better, too!
	Sayori	I mean...
	Sayori	that's the kind of thing literature clubs do...right?
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	I-I don't disagree or anything...
	Natsuki	Yeah...
	Natsuki	You're right as usual, President.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Natsuki	Guess that means I should try picking up a novel or something, huh...?
	MC	Well, that would make two of us...
	MC	I wouldn't mind doing it if I'm not the only one.
	Natsuki	Then as for Yuri...
	Yuri	Eh...?
	Yuri	I...I have to read manga...?
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	You were the one who suggested we diversify!
	Natsuki	You should be a little more open-minded...
	Natsuki	It's kind of hurtful...
	Yuri	Hurtful...?
	Yuri	I-I didn't realize...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	With a guilty expression, Yuri thinks to herself.
	Yuri	I'm sorry for disrespecting your interests, Natsuki.
	Yuri	If...if you're into it, then I'm sure it's a worthy form of literature.
	Natsuki	...Are you just saying that?
	Yuri	No...
	Yuri	I've realized my error.
	Yuri	So, if you're willing to consider starting a novel...
	Yuri	...Then I'll offer my gratitude by finding a manga to read as well.
	Natsuki	Really?!
	Natsuki	I-I mean...
	Natsuki	It...makes me happy that you'd do that for me, Yuri.
	Natsuki	You can trust me to find something that you'll really like, okay?
	Yuri	Same here...
	Yuri	Perhaps I'll visit the bookstore after the club meeting.
	Natsuki	Just...just you?
	Yuri	A-Ah--
	Yuri	Would you...like to come along with me?
	Natsuki	Um...
	Natsuki	If you don't mind...
	Yuri	Not at all!
	Yuri	I always go alone, so...
	Natsuki	Yeah, me too...
	Sayori	This is so cute~!
	MC	Sayori, shut up...
	Natsuki	I'll show you some manga there too, okay?
	Yuri	Yes.
	Yuri	I look forward to it.
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri start to clean up the food.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	I guess the meeting's over, huh?
	MC	Yeah, looks like it...
	MC	It's nice to see everyone getting along.
	Sayori	Isn't it?
	Sayori	I think everyone likes you too, [player].
	MC	You think so...?
	MC	Well, everyone always seems to get along a little better with you around, Sayori.
	Sayori	Aww, [player]~
	Sayori	Don't say something like that, it's embarrassing!
	MC	Well, whatever.
	MC	I was surprised when you told me you were starting a club...
	MC	But I think you're pulling it off just fine.
	Sayori	We're gonna make it the best club ever!
	Sayori	Now that you joined, every day is gonna be so much fun.
	Sayori	Hey, [player]...
	Sayori	I really want to thank you.
	Sayori	I mean, I'm really happy that you joined the club and everything...
	Sayori	But the truth is, I already knew you were going to.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	There's actually something else.
	Sayori	I wanted to thank you for getting rid of Monika.
	Sayori	That's right...
	Sayori	I know everything that she did.
	Sayori	Maybe it's because I'm the President now.
	Sayori	But I really know everything, [player].
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	I know how hard you tried to make everyone happy.
	Sayori	I know about all of the awful things that Monika did to make everyone really sad...
	Sayori	But none of that matters anymore.
	Sayori	It's just us now.{nw}
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Sayori	It's just us now.{fast}
	Sayori	And you made me the happiest girl in the whole world.
	Sayori	I can't wait to spend every day like this...
	Sayori	With you.
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Sayori	Forever and ever...
	Sayori	F
	Sayori	o
	Sayori	r
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Sayori	e
	Sayori	v
	Sayori	e
	Narrator	No...
	Sayori	...Eh?
	Sayori	W-What's happening...?
	Narrator	I won't let you hurt him.
	Sayori	Who...
	Sayori	I-It hurts--
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Sayori	Ah--
	Narrator	I'm sorry... I was wrong.
	Narrator	There's no happiness here after all...
	Narrator	Goodbye, Sayori.
	Narrator	Goodbye, [player].
	Narrator	Goodbye, Literature Club.
	Sayori	[gtext]{nw}
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Sayori	I wanted to thank you for spending so much time with us all.
	Sayori	You worked so hard to make each and every one of us happy.
	Sayori	You comforted us through our hard times.
	Sayori	And you helped us all get along with each other.
	Sayori	Do you get it, [player]?
	Sayori	Because I'm President now, I understand everything.
	Sayori	You really didn't want to miss a single thing in this game, did you?
	Sayori	You saved and loaded so many times, just to make sure you could spend time with everyone.
	Sayori	Only someone who truly cares about the Literature Club would go that far.
	Sayori	But...
	Sayori	All along, that's all I ever wanted.
	Sayori	For everyone to be happy and care about each other.
	Sayori	Ahaha...
	Sayori	It's kind of sad, you know?
	Sayori	After all you've done for us, there isn't much I can do for you in return.
	Sayori	We've already reached the end of the game.
	Sayori	So...
	Sayori	This is where we say goodbye.
	Sayori	Thank you for playing {i}Doki Doki Literature Club{/i}.
	Sayori	I'm going to miss you, [player].
	Sayori	Come visit sometime, okay?
	Sayori	We'll always be here for you.
	Sayori	We...
	Sayori	We all love you.
