	Narrator	It's already Sunday.
	Narrator	natsuki
	Narrator	I've been getting increasingly anxious about Natsuki's upcoming visit.
	Narrator	I keep telling myself there's no reason to be nervous, but it doesn't help much.
	Narrator	I wonder if she'll act any different when it's just the two of us?
	Narrator	Meanwhile, she's been texting me a lot.
	Narrator	We sent each other one after exchanging numbers to double-check, but it turned into conversation.
	Narrator	She's almost a different personality on the phone, using tons of emoji and cute language.
	Narrator	She also really likes complaining about things, but I kind of saw that one coming.
	Narrator	But putting Natsuki aside...
	Narrator	I've been getting increasingly anxious about Yuri's upcoming visit.
	Narrator	I keep telling myself there's no reason to be nervous, but it doesn't help much.
	Narrator	Yuri is clearly an introvert and also an intimate person in general.
	Narrator	There's no doubt that she'll open up a little bit when it's just the two of us.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, we've even been texting occasionally.
	Narrator	She was extremely apprehensive at first, but it wasn't long before I was already learning more about her.
	Narrator	But putting Yuri aside...
	Narrator	I haven't heard a thing from Sayori since she left club early the other day.
	Narrator	It's not like we text each other all the time or anything...
	Narrator	But I've been worried about her in the back of my mind.
	Narrator	Between what Sayori said, and what Monika said...
	Narrator	Is it really okay for me to put Sayori's feelings aside when she might need me?
	Narrator	I decide to visit Sayori before [ch4_name] comes over.
	Narrator	Rather than asking, I simply tell her \"I'm coming over\", much like we've done in the past.
	Narrator	Once I reach Sayori's house, I knock on the door before entering it myself.
	Narrator	Again, we used to play so often that we've made it a habit of simply entering each other's houses like we were family.
	Narrator	The house is quiet.
	Narrator	Sayori isn't anywhere on the first floor, so I assume she's up in her room.
	Narrator	It's already strange of her not to run down and greet me.
	Narrator	I head up to her bedroom, where I finally find her.
	MC	Sayori?
	Sayori	Hi [player]~
	Narrator	I sit down in her room.
	Narrator	Sayori forces a smile, but it's easy to tell that she's different.
	Narrator	There's a minute of silence between us.
	Sayori	You haven't come over like this in a long time, have you?
	MC	Ah... I guess you're right.
	MC	It has been a long time.
	MC	Not much has really changed, has it?
	Narrator	Sayori's room is as messy as it's always been.
	Narrator	I also recognize the same stuffed animals and wall decorations that she's had for years now.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	If you came over more often, it wouldn't be such a mess.
	MC	That's because I end up cleaning it for you...
	Sayori	How come you suddenly wanted to come over today?
	Sayori	Aren't you supposed to see [ch4_name] today?
	MC	Yeah, but...
	MC	...Wait, how did you know that?
	Narrator	Sayori had already left by the time we decided that last meeting.
	Sayori	Monika told me.
	Sayori	It's only natural for her to keep me informed about the festival preparations, right?
	MC	Ah, that's true...
	MC	But what about you?
	MC	Aren't you going to be helping Monika today?
	Sayori	Of course!
	Sayori	But I'm just helping her online.
	Sayori	We didn't plan to meet up or anything.
	MC	Ah, so it's just me and [ch4_name], then...
	Sayori	Yep~
	Narrator	There's more silence between us.
	Narrator	Sayori stares in a random direction.
	Narrator	Everything about her behavior is really uncharacteristic.
	Narrator	I finally get to the point.
	MC	I just...wanted to see how you were doing.
	MC	After you left on Friday.
	MC	When something's wrong, you can't hide it from me!
	MC	I know you too well.
	MC	So...
	Narrator	Sayori smiles, shaking her head.
	Sayori	That's no good, [player].
	MC	Eh?
	Sayori	Why can't it just be like it's always been?
	Sayori	This is all my fault.
	Sayori	If I didn't get so weak and accidentally express my feelings...
	Sayori	If I didn't make that stupid mistake...
	Sayori	Then you wouldn't have been worried about me at all.
	Sayori	You wouldn't have come here.
	Sayori	You wouldn't have even been thinking about me right now.
	Sayori	But this...is just my punishment, isn't it?
	Sayori	I'm getting punished for being so selfish.
	Sayori	I think that's why the world decided to have you come over today.
	Sayori	It just wants to torture me.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	MC	Sayori!
	Narrator	I grab Sayori by the shoulders.
	MC	What on Earth are you saying?!
	MC	Are you listening to yourself right now?
	MC	I know something happened to you.
	MC	There's no other explanation for you to be like this.
	MC	So tell me, already...!
	MC	Until I know, I won't be able to stop thinking about it!
	Sayori	Ah...
	Sayori	Ahaha...
	Narrator	Sayori gives me an empty smile.
	Sayori	You really put me in a trap, [player].
	Sayori	But...
	Sayori	You're wrong.
	Sayori	Nothing happened to me.
	Sayori	I've always been like this.
	Sayori	You're just seeing it for the first time.
	MC	Seeing what?
	MC	What are you talking about, Sayori?
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	You're really just going to make me say it, aren't you, [player]?
	Sayori	I guess I have no choice this time.
	Sayori	The thing is...
	Sayori	I've had really bad depression my whole life.
	Sayori	Did you know that?
	Sayori	Why do you think I'm late to school every day?
	Sayori	Because most days, I can't even find a reason to get out of bed.
	Sayori	What reason is there to do anything when I fully know how worthless I am?
	Sayori	Why go to school?
	Sayori	Why eat?
	Sayori	Why make friends?
	Sayori	Why make other people put their energy and caring to waste by having them spend it on me?
	Sayori	That's what it feels like.
	Sayori	And that's why I just want to make everyone happy...
	Sayori	Without anyone worrying about me.
	MC	...
	Narrator	I'm in shock.
	Narrator	I can't even figure out how to respond.
	Narrator	How is it possible that Sayori kept this from me the entire time that I've known her?
	Narrator	Did she really want so badly for me to just not think about her?
	MC	...Why, Sayori?
	Sayori	Eh...?
	MC	Why is it that you've never told me about this?
	MC	It almost feels like I've been betrayed as your close friend.
	MC	Because if I knew, I would have done everything I could to support you!
	MC	Even if there's only so much that I could do...
	MC	I would have tried a little bit harder to make every day a little better for you.
	MC	That's why I'm your friend!
	MC	All you had to do was tell me!
	Sayori	You don't understand at all, [player].
	Sayori	Why do you think I didn't tell you?
	Sayori	Because if I told you, then you would have to waste effort caring about me instead of doing important things.
	Sayori	I don't want to be cared about.
	Sayori	It's bittersweet, when people try to care about me.
	Sayori	It feels nice sometimes.
	Sayori	But it also feels like a bat being swung against my head.
	Sayori	Ahaha~
	Sayori	That's why I wanted so badly for you to make friends with everyone else...
	Sayori	Helping everyone be happy together is the best thing for me.
	Sayori	But then, I discovered something else, too.
	Sayori	Seeing you make friends and get closer with everyone in the club...
	Sayori	It feels like a spear going through my heart.
	Sayori	So, that's why.
	Sayori	That's why I decided the world just wants to torture me.
	Sayori	Every path leads to nothing but hurt.
	Sayori	Ahaha~
	MC	You're right that I don't understand...
	MC	I don't understand your feelings at all, Sayori.
	MC	But I don't need to understand.
	MC	Whatever it takes for me to help you stop hurting...
	MC	That's what I'll do.
	Sayori	No, [player].
	Sayori	There's nothing.
	Sayori	Nothing at all.
	Sayori	The only thing that could have helped is if everything could be like it always was.
	Sayori	But I was selfish.
	Sayori	I finally showed you what a horrible person I am.
	Narrator	Tears streak down Sayori's face.
	Sayori	I made you join the literature club because I was selfish.
	Sayori	And I was punished by my heart hurting in a way that I couldn't understand.
	Sayori	And now you came here and I made you hurt, too.
	Sayori	I'm just weak and selfish.
	Sayori	That's all I am.
	Sayori	And that's why I'm going to accept these punishments.
	Sayori	Because I deserve every last one...!
	Narrator	Without thinking, I once again grab Sayori's shoulders.
	Narrator	This time, I pull her into a tight embrace.
	Sayori	A-Ah--
	Sayori	[player]...
	MC	Sayori.
	MC	I don't care if you feel selfish.
	MC	I'm really happy that you convinced me to join the club.
	MC	Seeing you every day makes it worthwhile enough.
	MC	If I make friends with everyone else, then that's just a bonus.
	MC	But please never underestimate how much I care about you.
	MC	I wouldn't have it any other way.
	Sayori	[player]...
	Narrator	Sayori isn't hugging me back.
	Narrator	Despite my arms being wrapped around her, Sayori's arms remain at her sides.
	Narrator	She starts sobbing next to my ear.
	Sayori	No...
	Sayori	Don't do this...to me...
	Sayori	Please don't do this...
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	I...
	Narrator	Sayori barely manages to speak between her sobs.
	Narrator	I don't know if I'm doing the right thing.
	Narrator	But all I want is for her to know that I care.
	MC	If you have it in you to call yourself selfish, then you have to let me be selfish too.
	MC	No matter what it takes, I'll figure out what needs to change.
	MC	I'll make these feelings go away.
	MC	And if there's anything that you need me to do...
	MC	Then you'd better tell me.
	MC	I'll get mad if you don't.
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	I...don't know...
	Sayori	I don't know...
	Sayori	I don't know.
	Narrator	Gently, Sayori finally puts her arms around me in return.
	Sayori	I don't know anything.
	Sayori	It's all really scary...
	Sayori	I don't understand any of my feelings, [player]...
	Sayori	The only time I'm not feeling nothing is when I'm feeling pain.
	Sayori	But...
	Sayori	Your hugs are so warm...
	Sayori	...And that's really scary, too.
	Narrator	Sayori lets me go.
	Narrator	As she does so, I let her go as well.
	MC	The festival is tomorrow.
	Sayori	Yeah...
	MC	It's going to be fun, right?
	Sayori	Yeah.
	MC	How would you like for me to spend it all with you?
	Sayori	U-Um...
	Sayori	Ah--
	MC	It's what I want.
	MC	I promise.
	Sayori	I...
	Sayori	I think that would be nice, then...
	MC	Yeah.
	Narrator	Sayori wipes her eyes.
	Narrator	If I could spend the whole day here, I would.
	MC	Of all days, this has to be the one where I have other plans...
	MC	Maybe I should cancel--
	Sayori	No, don't--!
	Sayori	Please don't...
	Sayori	If you did that...then I really wouldn't forgive you.
	MC	But...
	MC	It's almost time for [ch4_name] to meet me at my house...
	MC	At the very least, do you want to come along and help out?
	MC	It would be fun.
	Narrator	To my surprise, Sayori shakes her head.
	Sayori	I'm sorry.
	Sayori	I don't know if that would be very good for me today.
	Sayori	You understand, right?
	MC	Ah...
	MC	It's...kind of hard for me to fully understand.
	MC	But I'm trying my hardest.
	Sayori	It's okay.
	Sayori	Don't worry too much about it.
	Sayori	I'll see you tomorrow, okay?
	MC	...Alright.
	MC	I look forward to it.
	Narrator	I say goodbye to Sayori and exit her house.
	Narrator	On the way home, I find myself still feeling uneasy.
	Narrator	But it's hard for me to keep thinking about it when [ch4_name] is about to come over, too...
	Narrator	I think Sayori is right.
	Narrator	I shouldn't be worrying too much, and we're definitely going to have a great time tomorrow.
	Narrator	I should just focus on what's ahead of me!
	Narrator	ch4_exclusive_
	Narrator	I spend only a few minutes back at home anxiously awaiting Natsuki's arrival.
	Narrator	Before I know it, she texts me to let me know she's outside the front door.
	Narrator	Without delay, I open the front door to let her in.
	MC	...
	Natsuki	'Sup?
	MC	...Hey.
	Narrator	I don't know what I was expecting, but seeing Natsuki in something other than her school uniform totally threw me off.
	Narrator	Seeing her in such cute clothes makes the uniform seem totally unfitting in comparison.
	Natsuki	Jeez, don't make it feel so awkward already!
	Natsuki	It's gonna be a long afternoon, so don't be weird just because you're not used to seeing me outside of school.
	Natsuki	Anyway, I'm coming in.
	MC	I see you brought a lot of stuff...
	Narrator	Natsuki is carrying a large bag that is probably full of baking supplies.
	Natsuki	Well, I didn't want to come all this way to find out that your kitchen isn't equipped for the job.
	Natsuki	You bought everything I asked you to, right?
	MC	Yeah, I did.
	Narrator	Yesterday, Natsuki asked me to buy a bunch of ingredients if I didn't already have them at home.
	Natsuki	Good!
	Natsuki	Glad I could count on you to do your part.
	MC	Well...of course.
	Narrator	I'm surprised to hear Natsuki suddenly say that, rather than something snarky like she usually does.
	Narrator	Could it be that she is a little different outside of school after all?
	MC	Anyway, let's go to the kitchen...
	Natsuki	What, you're not even gonna offer to take this heavy bag from me?
	Natsuki	Where's your hospitality, [player]?
	MC	Come on...
	MC	Since when did I need to be a gentleman?
	Narrator	I grab the bag Natsuki holds out to me.
	MC	Ghk--
	MC	This is ridiculously heavy--!
	Natsuki	Ahaha!
	Natsuki	I carried that all the way here.
	Natsuki	Are you impressed?
	MC	I see now...
	MC	Yeah, I am impressed, Natsuki.
	MC	It seems like I always underestimate you.
	Natsuki	Ehehe~
	Natsuki	It's because I'm so small, isn't it?
	Natsuki	You jerk.
	Narrator	Natsuki hits a fist into my chest.
	MC	Hey, hey.
	MC	Your size has nothing to do with it.
	MC	Do you really hate being small that much?
	Natsuki	Eh?
	Natsuki	Um...
	Natsuki	It's not like I hate it...
	Natsuki	I mean, sometimes I like proving people wrong when they only think I'm worth my size.
	Natsuki	It's fun when I get to be small and also better than other people.
	Natsuki	But...
	Natsuki	...Jeez, never mind!
	Natsuki	What are you making me say?
	Natsuki	Don't think you can make me talk about weird things just because we're not at school!
	Natsuki	Are we getting started, or what? There's a lot of stuff I gotta teach you.
	MC	Ahaha.
	Natsuki	What??
	MC	That's a little bit more like you.
	MC	You're more fun when you just speak your mind like that.
	Natsuki	H-Hey!
	Natsuki	Now you {i}are{/i} treating me like a kid!
	Natsuki	I was just trying to be a little nicer to you, you know.
	Natsuki	And just because I don't have a mature and sexy figure like Yuri doesn't mean you should treat me like--
	Natsuki	A-Ah--
	Narrator	Natsuki catches her words, and her face turns red.
	MC	Natsuki...
	Natsuki	Forget it!
	Natsuki	I didn't say anything!
	MC	I should apologize.
	Natsuki	Eh?
	MC	I appreciate that you were trying to be nicer.
	MC	I should have been a little more considerate, too.
	MC	But also...
	MC	If that's what you're thinking, then you should know that there are tons of guys who are into body types like yours.
	Natsuki	Ah...
	Natsuki	How would...you know that, anyway?
	MC	Just trust me on this one.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Gross.
	MC	Hey!
	MC	Was that to me?
	Natsuki	Who else?
	MC	Man...
	MC	Let's just get started already.
	Natsuki	Ahaha!
	Natsuki	You get all sour when a girl calls you gross.
	Natsuki	I finally found your weakness, [player].
	Narrator	Natsuki smiles deviously.
	MC	Please spare me...
	Narrator	Well, if Natsuki decides to dish out more insults like that, there's no way I'm not fighting back.
	Narrator	But she's satisfied enough for now, finally starting to pull things out of her bag so we can get started.
	Narrator	Before long, the whole kitchen is a mess.
	Narrator	Spoons, dirty bowls, flour, spilled fluid, and plastic bags are strewn about every countertop.
	Narrator	The mixer isn't big enough to make all the batter at once, so we've had to do it several times.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, Natsuki is babysitting all of my movements to make sure I don't mess up her precious baking.
	Natsuki	[player], where did you put the food coloring?
	Natsuki	The batter's going in the oven soon, so I need to fill the trays.
	MC	I think it's still in the bag next to the table.
	MC	What are you using it for?
	Natsuki	To color the batter, of course!
	Natsuki	I'm making each tray a different color.
	Natsuki	That way, even if the flavors aren't different, everyone can still pick their favorite.
	MC	Ah, that's a cute idea.
	MC	Are we doing anything like that with the icing?
	Natsuki	Do you want to?
	MC	Ah...
	MC	You're asking me?
	MC	I don't really have a preference, so...
	Natsuki	Come on...
	Natsuki	You're not putting any heart into this at all!
	Natsuki	Can't you at least try to have fun?
	MC	I'm having fun...
	Narrator	I'm not really sure what Natsuki is trying to get out of me.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, I see her separate the batter into smaller bowls and put a few drops of food coloring into each.
	MC	Ah, that does look pretty cool.
	Natsuki	See?
	Natsuki	It's not like baking is just about following instructions.
	Natsuki	The presentation is where you get to be creative and have the most fun.
	Natsuki	It's a million times more worth it in the end if just looking at it makes everyone's eyes lighten up.
	MC	Like the ones you made on my first day, huh?
	Narrator	I recall Natsuki proudly presenting her cat-shaped cupcakes, and Sayori and Monika's delighted expressions.
	Narrator	I wonder if I can make Natsuki proud like that, too.
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	Maybe I will use the food coloring, then.
	Natsuki	Sounds like you're starting to understand.
	Natsuki	Just make sure you completely finish mixing the icing before you mess with the food coloring.
	MC	Yeah, it's getting there.
	Narrator	We were using the electric mixer for the batter, so I got stuck with a whisk and a huge bowl for the icing.
	Natsuki	Eh?
	Natsuki	The icing's still all lumpy!
	Natsuki	Are you even trying?
	MC	Well, yeah...
	MC	It'll just take a little longer.
	Natsuki	Jeez, I'll be here all night if you do it like that.
	Natsuki	Here, look.
	Narrator	Natsuki grabs the whisk from me and uses her other hand to tilt the bowl back.
	Natsuki	You really need to...beat...the crap out of it!
	Narrator	After a few seconds, the consistency of the icing has already improved.
	Natsuki	See?
	Narrator	As if to emphasize, Natsuki sticks a finger in the icing and pops it in her mouth.
	Narrator	I reluctantly start to do the same.
	Natsuki	Hey!
	Narrator	Natsuki suddenly grabs my wrist.
	Natsuki	I don't want {i}your{/i} gross fingers in my icing.
	MC	Your icing, eh?
	MC	Are you forgetting who did all the work?
	Narrator	I start to fight back, trying to inch my finger toward the bowl.
	Natsuki	Don't make me beat the crap out of you next!
	MC	I'd like to see you try!
	Narrator	I push harder, just enough for my finger to reach the icing.
	Narrator	I triumphantly scoop some with my finger just as Natsuki tugs with all her might.
	MC	Ah--!
	Narrator	The force of Natsuki pulling me causes me to stumble, making her stumble in turn.
	Natsuki	Gross!
	Natsuki	You got it on my face!
	MC	Whose fault is that?!
	Narrator	There's a big glob of icing on Natsuki's cheek.
	Natsuki	Nnn--
	Narrator	She tries to reach it with her tongue, but it's too far away.
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	You know what?
	Natsuki	Take this!
	Narrator	Natsuki instead wipes it off with her finger before shoving her finger toward my own face.
	MC	You wish--!
	Narrator	I'm faster.
	Narrator	I grab her wrist with my hand before it reaches my face.
	Narrator	Natsuki tries to use her other hand to fight back, but I grab that one as well.
	Natsuki	Ahahaha! Stop!
	MC	Not until you apologize for calling me gross!
	Natsuki	Fine, fine!
	Natsuki	I'm sorry for calling you gross.
	Natsuki	You know I don't mean it.
	Natsuki	It's just fun seeing you react to it.
	Natsuki	...You do that to me all the time, you know!
	Natsuki	Saying dumb things just to get a reaction out of me.
	Natsuki	You really shouldn't tease girls like that.
	MC	Is that so?
	MC	In that case, I probably shouldn't do this, either...
	Narrator	I take Natsuki's finger and put it in my mouth, licking off the icing.
	Natsuki	W-W-What--?
	Natsuki	D-Did you seriously just--
	Natsuki	A-Ah--
	Narrator	Natsuki is so surprised that she can't even figure out how to get mad at me.
	Narrator	Her face is entirely red.
	Natsuki	[player]...
	Natsuki	You really shouldn't do that kind of thing to girls...unless you really like them...
	Natsuki	You know that...right?
	MC	...
	Narrator	What kind of question is she asking me, just like that?
	Narrator	How did the mood turn to this so quickly?
	MC	I...
	Narrator	Natsuki gazes at me in silence.
	Narrator	I notice her shallow breaths.
	Narrator	Why am I starting to feel dizzy...?
	Natsuki	Eh?!
	Narrator	Out of nowhere, the fire alarm starts going off.
	Narrator	Natsuki rushes over to the oven.
	MC	Is something burning?
	MC	I thought you didn't put the cupcakes in yet.
	Natsuki	{i}*Cough*{/i}
	Natsuki	No wonder...
	Natsuki	You left a dirty tray in here, dummy!
	Natsuki	How could you make a mistake like that?
	MC	You should have checked before turning the oven on!
	Natsuki	Don't blame me for your mistakes!
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Narrator	Natsuki uses an oven mitt to grab the blackened tray out of the oven.
	Narrator	She sets it on top of the stove.
	Narrator	In another moment, the fire alarm stops.
	Natsuki	Anyway...
	Natsuki	I'm...putting them in the oven now.
	MC	Yeah...
	Narrator	The tension from the moment before still lingers over our heads.
	Narrator	But the moment has already been lost.
	Narrator	I watch as Natsuki slides the cupcake trays into the oven.
	Narrator	Then, I reluctantly pick up the whisk and continue with the icing, like nothing ever happened.
	Natsuki	Ahh, that smells so good!
	Narrator	The cupcakes are ready to be pulled out of the oven.
	Narrator	As soon as Natsuki opens the oven door, a blast of sweet-smelling warm air fills the room.
	Natsuki	Look at how cute they all look!
	Narrator	She proudly shows off the different-colored cupcakes in each of the trays.
	MC	They'll look even better once we add the icing.
	Natsuki	Not like you need to tell {i}me{/i} that!
	Natsuki	I brought decorating stuff, so I hope you can get creative.
	Natsuki	Here, scoop the icing into these bags.
	Narrator	Natsuki hands me some plastic bags.
	Natsuki	I have these nozzles that will make it look nice and fluffy.
	Natsuki	This one can even make flowers!
	Natsuki	We probably won't be using it this time, though.
	MC	What's this one for?
	Narrator	I pick up one of the nozzles that has a much thinner tip than the others.
	Natsuki	That one's really thin, so you can use it to make stripes or other patterns.
	Natsuki	But you can also use it to write stuff on a cake.
	Natsuki	Like, 'happy birthday!' or whatever.
	MC	Huh, I see...
	MC	That gives me an idea, actually.
	Natsuki	Eh?
	MC	Well, it's a literature event, right?
	MC	We could make it more literature-themed by writing a different word on each of the cupcakes.
	MC	It would be fun to see people choose their cupcake based on a word they like.
	Natsuki	Uu...
	MC	Hm?
	Natsuki	I was kind of expecting you to say something really stupid...
	Natsuki	But that's actually...a really cute idea, so...
	MC	Ahaha.
	MC	Maybe I'm getting it from you.
	Natsuki	W-What's that supposed to mean?
	Natsuki	I'm not cute!
	MC	Come on...
	MC	We're not at school, nobody's judging.
	MC	You can't dress and act like this and not expect me to think you're cute.
	Natsuki	W-Well...
	Narrator	Natsuki's voice trails off.
	Natsuki	Same with you...
	MC	Eh?
	MC	Did you say something?
	Natsuki	N-No, nothing!
	Natsuki	Let's just do the icing!
	Narrator	Natsuki picks up the pace and fastens a nozzle onto each of the bags.
	Natsuki	There's a lot to do, so we shouldn't be wasting time!
	Natsuki	Here, I'll show you how to do it.
	Narrator	Without giving me a chance to think about before, Natsuki quickly moves on.
	Narrator	She shows me how to apply the icing, and then we each get to work.
	Narrator	When we're finally finished, Natsuki puts them all side by side to admire our work.
	Natsuki	Look at how pretty they are together!
	MC	Yeah, they are, aren't they?
	Natsuki	Uu... I wish I could have one now!
	MC	Well, there's no reason you can't, right?
	MC	I don't see any harm in that.
	Natsuki	Well, yeah, but...
	Natsuki	My dad's making dinner tonight, so I really need to save my appetite.
	MC	Ahaha.
	MC	Sayori's the exact opposite in that regard.
	MC	If she was here, we'd probably be down ten cupcakes already.
	MC	And she would still eat dinner.
	Natsuki	Come on, that's just unhealthy!
	Natsuki	Besides, when my dad cooks, I need to eat as much of it as I can...
	Natsuki	...Well, anyway!
	Natsuki	I was hoping we would have time for manga, but I need to be home for dinner...
	MC	Ah, already?
	MC	That's a shame.
	Natsuki	It's your fault for working so slowly!
	Natsuki	You should have thought about that.
	Natsuki	It's not like you'll always have this chance.
	MC	Man...
	Narrator	As usual, Natsuki places the blame on me.
	Natsuki	You can bring the cupcakes tomorrow, right?
	Natsuki	If you and Sayori each carry some, then you can probably do it in one trip.
	MC	Yeah, I can do that.
	MC	And don't worry, I won't let her eat any.
	Natsuki	Ahaha.
	Natsuki	I wish she would listen to me the way she listens to you.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	Yeah.
	Narrator	I again think back to the conversation I had with Sayori earlier today.
	Narrator	I felt so helpless.
	Narrator	Sayori always does listen to me, but at that point it felt like she couldn't listen to me at all.
	Natsuki	Okay, I'm all packed up.
	Natsuki	Good work today!
	MC	You too.
	MC	I'll walk you out...I guess.
	Narrator	Just like that, Natsuki is already about to leave.
	Narrator	It feels like the afternoon went by in a flash.
	Narrator	More than that...
	Narrator	Did I even take the opportunity to get closer to her, like I wanted?
	Natsuki	Well...
	Natsuki	I guess I'll be off, then...
	Natsuki	Thanks for all the help and everything...
	Natsuki	I'll see you tomorrow.
	MC	Wait, Natsuki.
	Natsuki	Eh?
	MC	What you said before...about not always having this chance.
	MC	It doesn't have to be that way at all!
	MC	I had fun today.
	MC	You showed me how fun baking can be, like you wanted.
	MC	But aside from that...
	MC	You can come over anytime, okay?
	MC	I think that if possible, I'd like to spend more time like this.
	MC	If you want to read manga, or go out somewhere--
	Natsuki	Um--
	Natsuki	Do you...really mean that?
	Narrator	Natsuki looks at me tensely, like she's trying to hide her expression.
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	I want to spend more time with you.
	Natsuki	[player]...
	Natsuki	I thought you only cared about getting this done...
	Natsuki	Uu...
	Natsuki	I'm sorry I had to leave so early today.
	Natsuki	I really didn't want to!
	Natsuki	I would really...stay here longer if I could.
	Natsuki	I feel the same way as you, so...
	Narrator	Natsuki suddenly gets closer to me.
	MC	Wait, Natsuki--
	Narrator	Standing inches from me, Natsuki looks up at me.
	Narrator	I feel her fingers gently clutch at the sides of my shirt, as if holding onto me.
	Narrator	Her rose-colored cheeks and matching eyes fill my vision, along with her slightly-parted lips.
	Narrator	What is happening...?
	Narrator	My head starts to go dizzy as I feel her soft breaths against me.
	Natsuki	I've felt it...
	Natsuki	For a while now...
	Natsuki	--!!
	Narrator	Natsuki suddenly jumps back.
	Natsuki	S-Sayori?!
	MC	Eh?!
	Sayori	Ah...
	Sayori	H-Hi, [player]...
	MC	Sayori--!
	MC	Just now, we weren't--
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	It's okay, [player].
	Sayori	I just stopped by to say hi~
	Natsuki	A-Ah...
	Natsuki	Well...
	Natsuki	Y-You should have come a little earlier!
	Natsuki	I'm already on my way out, so...
	Sayori	Aw, really?
	Sayori	That's too bad...
	Natsuki	Yeah, well...
	Natsuki	I'll still see you at the festival tomorrow, so it's fine.
	Natsuki	Just don't eat any cupcakes before then!
	Natsuki	Anyway, later!
	Narrator	Clearly flustered, Natsuki hurries off, and Sayori waves goodbye.
	Narrator	As I approach my house, I see something that makes me feel a moment of panic.
	MC	Yuri--?
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	Thank goodness...
	MC	You're a little early...
	MC	I'm sorry I wasn't home yet!
	MC	Were you waiting for a long time?
	Yuri	No, I just got here.
	Yuri	But I started to get really nervous when nobody answered the doorbell...
	MC	You always could have texted me.
	MC	If I had known, I would have reassured you and hurried more on my way home.
	Yuri	Ah...I suppose that's true...
	Yuri	I didn't think of that...for some reason.
	Narrator	It should be common sense to do that, but I decide to ignore it.
	MC	Anyway...let's go inside.
	MC	I see you brought a lot of stuff with you.
	Yuri	That's right.
	Yuri	And did you manage to find everything I asked you to buy as well?
	MC	Yeah, pretty much.
	MC	At least, I hope I got everything right.
	Yuri	I'm sure it will be fine.
	Narrator	I take Yuri to my room.
	Narrator	The first thing she does is glance around curiously, which makes me feel anxious.
	Yuri	It's so clean...
	MC	Ahaha...
	MC	I cleaned it before you came over, so...
	Yuri	That's very considerate of you to do.
	MC	Ah, no...
	MC	I would be really embarrassed for my room to be a mess while you were here.
	Yuri	Hmm...
	Yuri	Well, I do enjoy cleaning...
	Yuri	I would have gladly helped you clean.
	MC	Ah--
	MC	That would be even more embarrassing!
	MC	Wait, don't look in there--!
	Narrator	I snatch Yuri's wrist, which was in the process of opening a desk drawer of mine.
	Yuri	A-Ah...
	Yuri	I'm sorry...!
	Yuri	I wasn't thinking for some reason...
	Yuri	I was just spacing out!
	MC	It's fine, it's fine...
	Narrator	I let go of Yuri's wrist.
	Narrator	She puts both of her hands firmly in her lap, as if making sure she's keeping track of them.
	MC	So, um...
	MC	Should we...get started?
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	Yes...
	Yuri	Um, I have a few things planned that you can help with...
	Yuri	Decorations and other atmospheric enhancements.
	MC	Atmospheric enhancements...?
	Yuri	You know...
	Yuri	Mood lighting, aromatherapy candles...
	MC	Oh, wow.
	MC	I didn't know you planned on taking it that far.
	Yuri	Of course.
	Yuri	I want to help take our guests to a faraway place.
	Yuri	Although many will stop by just out of curiosity...
	Yuri	And for...cupcakes, I guess...
	Yuri	I'm determined to provide an experience that will leave them wanting more.
	MC	That's great.
	MC	It's easy to forget that you're a pretty intense person.
	Yuri	Ah--
	Yuri	Intense...?
	MC	I guess that's the best way to put it.
	Yuri	Is that...a bad thing?
	MC	No, not at all.
	MC	It's something that I like about you, actually.
	Yuri	I-Is that so...?
	Yuri	That makes me feel relieved...
	Yuri	And kind of happy...
	MC	Yeah, no need to be so anxious.
	MC	You can relax a little.
	Yuri	Relax...
	Yuri	I brought some things for relaxation.
	Yuri	I was going to use them during the poetry event...
	MC	Oh yeah? Like what?
	Yuri	Let's see...
	Narrator	Yuri rummages through her bag.
	Narrator	She pulls out a few candles and a wooden cylinder-shaped object.
	Yuri	I did some shopping on the way here, so I happen to have these in my bag.
	Yuri	I planned to cover the windows in black paper and use the candles to light the room.
	Yuri	I think that would be amazing, don't you?
	MC	Yeah, that would be really neat.
	MC	What's that wooden thing, though?
	Yuri	Oh, this?
	Yuri	It's a diffuser for essential oils.
	Yuri	How familiar are you with aromatherapy?
	MC	Not familiar at all...
	Yuri	Ah, is that so?
	Yuri	It's one of my favorite contributors to a positive atmosphere.
	Yuri	Depending on the oils or herbs you choose, you can change the mood of the air itself.
	Yuri	You can even feel it permeate through your body.
	Yuri	Relaxation, positive energy, romance, reflection...
	Yuri	It's almost like magic.
	Narrator	Yuri takes the cylinder and pushes a switch on the bottom.
	Narrator	In just a moment, a thin ray of vapor begins to spout through a small hole on the top.
	MC	Wow, that smells wonderful.
	MC	What kind of mood is that one for?
	Yuri	This is a Jasmine essential oil.
	Yuri	It smells a little sweet and flowery, right?
	MC	Yeah, that's a good way to describe it.
	Yuri	I chose Jasmine for the event because it provides more than relaxation.
	Yuri	Jasmine enhances your emotions and helps you feel them flow through your body.
	Yuri	You feel warmer, and your heart pounds more heavily.
	Yuri	Don't you think that will be perfect for sharing our poems?
	MC	It does sound suitable...
	MC	But you seem to know a lot about this, so I'll trust your opinion with anything.
	Narrator	Yuri smiles gently, clearly enjoying herself.
	Narrator	She again reaches into her bag and pulls out several spools of thin ribbon.
	MC	What are those for?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	Did you purchase the origami paper I asked you to get?
	MC	Yeah, I have it over here...
	Yuri	We won't be using the paper for folding origami.
	Yuri	What I'd like to do is write a different word on each paper.
	Yuri	We'll need about a hundred of them.
	MC	Oh yeah?
	MC	What will those be used for?
	Yuri	Well, I'm going to cut pieces of ribbon to hang from the doorway of the classroom.
	Yuri	Then, we can fasten the paper onto the ribbons to create a doorway curtain.
	Yuri	Wouldn't that be beautiful?
	Yuri	It would also catch the eye of those passing by the room...
	Yuri	It may attract some to peek inside.
	MC	That's really creative!
	MC	I had no idea you'd be so good at this, Yuri.
	Yuri	Is...that so?
	Yuri	Well, I suppose I do get a little intense...as you'd put it.
	Yuri	Uhuhu.
	Narrator	Yuri giggles with red cheeks.
	Narrator	Is it just me, or is she more relaxed when it's just the two of us?
	Narrator	Or maybe it's the excitement she feels from sharing something that she enjoys.
	Yuri	Here's a marker, [player].
	Yuri	You can write any characters you want.
	Yuri	I'll help you once I finish cutting the ribbons.
	MC	Ah, alright.
	Narrator	Sitting on the floor together, the two of us get to work.
	Narrator	I carefully draw a different character on each paper, doing my best to manage my bad handwriting.
	Narrator	Yuri unravels a long strand of red ribbon to her desired length.
	Narrator	Then, she reaches into her bag once more and pulls out a pocket knife.
	MC	Eh...?
	Narrator	The knife is strangely beautiful.
	Narrator	The silver handle has an intricate pattern of waves etched into it.
	Narrator	The blade itself is gently tinted blue.
	MC	That's no ordinary pocket knife...
	MC	It looks really fancy.
	Yuri	A-Ah...
	Yuri	Well...
	Narrator	Embarrassed, Yuri looks away.
	MC	What is it?
	Yuri	You're going to think it's weird...
	MC	Yuri, whatever it is, I have no reason to judge.
	MC	To each their own, you know?
	Yuri	If you promise you won't be weirded out...
	MC	Yeah, I promise.
	Yuri	Alright...
	Yuri	The thing is, I'm kind of into knives...
	Yuri	They're just...so pretty...
	Yuri	I-I can't help it!
	Yuri	I don't know what it is...
	Yuri	The combination of craftsmanship and feeling of danger, maybe...
	Yuri	Uu, what am I saying...?
	Yuri	Please don't think I'm weird for this...
	MC	Ahaha.
	Yuri	You're laughing at me...
	MC	No, I'm not laughing at you.
	MC	It's just funny how nervous you got about sharing.
	MC	It's...well, it's an interesting thing to be into, I guess.
	MC	But I think it kind of suits you.
	Yuri	Suits me...?
	MC	Yeah... It's kind of intense. Ahaha.
	MC	Besides, it's a really cool-looking knife, I can't deny that.
	Yuri	It is, isn't it...?
	Narrator	Yuri relaxes her expression once again.
	Yuri	Would you like to hold it?
	MC	Sure, I'll check it out.
	Narrator	Yuri carefully hands me the knife, with the handle facing me.
	Narrator	I take it and turn it around in my hands.
	Narrator	It feels heavy, and extremely solid.
	Narrator	Where do you even get a knife like this...?
	Narrator	Curious of its sharpness, I feel the point of the knife with my index finger.
	MC	Ow--!
	Yuri	[player]--!!
	Yuri	Why did you do that?!
	MC	I didn't expect it to be that sharp...!
	MC	I barely touched it at all.
	Yuri	I-It's my fault!
	Yuri	I should have warned you...
	Yuri	This knife is extremely sharp...
	Yuri	It can cut through skin like it's paper.
	Yuri	Oh no...
	Narrator	A small drop of blood trickles down the side of my finger.
	Narrator	Yuri takes my hand and gives the wound a closer look.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Narrator	She stares at it and noticeably fidgets.
	MC	If you're squeamish, I'll go wash it off now--
	MC	A-Ah!
	Narrator	Without warning, Yuri puts my finger in her mouth and licks the wound.
	Narrator	I feel her tongue curl around my finger.
	Narrator	Startled, I instinctively pull my hand back.
	Yuri	O-Oh...
	Yuri	P-Please forgive me!
	Yuri	I wasn't thinking!
	Yuri	I...
	Narrator	Yuri lowers her head, her face burning up.
	MC	Yuri...
	Yuri	That's the most embarrassing thing I've ever done...
	Yuri	How could I do something like that??
	Yuri	I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	Sure, it was a little weird, and it took me by surprise...
	Narrator	But I guess she was just trying to help, right...?
	MC	Yuri, I think you're overreacting a little...
	Yuri	Uuuh...
	Narrator	She doesn't lift her head.
	Narrator	What if she doesn't recover from this for the rest of the afternoon?
	MC	Alright, you know what...
	Narrator	This might be a stupid thing to do, but I do it anyway.
	Narrator	I take Yuri's hand and lick her index finger in return.
	Yuri	[player]--!!
	Yuri	D-Did you really just do that?
	MC	N-Now we're even...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri just looks at me like I did something wrong.
	MC	Ahaha...
	MC	I knew that would be a bad idea...
	Narrator	If not for the sweet aroma of the Jasmine oil, the air would be extremely heavy right now.
	Yuri	You're so weird, [player].
	Narrator	Yuri giggles shyly.
	MC	Eh...?
	Narrator	Yuri calling {i}me{/i} weird?
	Narrator	I have no response to that...
	Yuri	Where do you keep your bandages?
	MC	Ah...
	MC	I don't think I need one, actually.
	MC	It was a tiny cut.
	MC	Look, it already stopped bleeding.
	Yuri	I see...
	Yuri	That's relieving.
	Narrator	The tension is quickly lifted.
	Narrator	We each resume our respective activities.
	Narrator	I watch Yuri's knife cut through the ribbon like it's nothing but air.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, I continue to make progress on the paper.
	Narrator	After we finish attaching the paper to the ribbons, we lay them all out side by side.
	Narrator	It looks better than I expected and will be very effective as a door curtain.
	MC	It looks great.
	MC	Good thinking coming up with this, Yuri.
	Yuri	Ah, thanks...
	Yuri	It's just something I saw online, really.
	Yuri	Are you ready to move onto the next task?
	MC	Yeah, let's do it.
	MC	What do you have in mind?
	Yuri	I'd like to create a banner.
	Yuri	That's why I asked you to buy the paint tablets.
	MC	Ah, that's right.
	Narrator	One of the items Yuri had asked me to buy was a kit of watercolor paint tablets.
	Yuri	We'll need about six cups of water to put each of the tablets in.
	Yuri	Do you mind fetching those for us?
	MC	Of course not.
	MC	Six cups of water...
	MC	I'll be right back in a minute.
	Yuri	Thank you very much.
	Yuri	Oh, and just a little bit of water is okay.
	Yuri	If you fill the cups too much, it will be too diluted.
	Narrator	Taking Yuri's advice, I decide to use small plastic bathroom cups rather than full-sized glasses.
	Narrator	I put them on a plate to catch any paint that drips, then bring it back into my room.
	MC	Yuri?
	Yuri	Yes?
	Narrator	I come in to see Yuri quickly unrolling her sleeve, pulling it back over her arm.
	MC	Ah, nothing...
	MC	Your face is a little red.
	MC	Is it too hot in here, or anything?
	Yuri	Ah--
	Yuri	No, not at all!
	Yuri	There's nothing wrong, so...
	Yuri	Let's mix the paint.
	Narrator	Yuri hurriedly dismisses me and takes it upon herself to unwrap the tablets, dropping them into the cups.
	Yuri	So...
	Yuri	I thought we would do something simple that would look very nice.
	Yuri	I'd like to paint a gradient across the banner...
	Yuri	Starting with the colors for a sunrise, then daytime, then sunset and nighttime.
	Yuri	Once it dries, I'll write an inspirational quote across the banner.
	Yuri	We can hang it on the wall behind the podium at the front of the classroom.
	MC	Ah, neat.
	MC	What are you going to write?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	...It will be more fun to surprise you.
	Narrator	Yuri smiles at me.
	MC	If you say so...
	Narrator	After rolling out the banner, Yuri and I kneel on opposite sides so we don't get in the way of each other.
	Narrator	Yuri uses a brush and adds a few dots of different colors across the banner to serve as a color guide when we paint.
	MC	This kind of reminds me of elementary school...
	Narrator	Painting on a banner with watercolors feels a lot like the art class projects we had back then.
	Narrator	It's relaxing.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	I'm sorry if this feels too childish...!
	MC	No, I didn't mean that at all.
	MC	It's kind of fun, you know?
	Yuri	...Yeah.
	Yuri	It is fun.
	Yuri	I'm glad you feel that way, too.
	Narrator	Yuri stops painting for a moment, thinking to herself.
	Yuri	For me...
	Yuri	I don't need to go out and do crazy things to have fun.
	Yuri	In fact, I usually don't even want to.
	Yuri	I just like when I can spend time with one other person...
	Yuri	Even if it's something simple, like reading - it doesn't even matter if we don't talk much.
	Yuri	Just having a friend next to me makes things feel a little bit nicer.
	Yuri	I think that's all it takes for me to be happy.
	MC	Is that so...?
	Narrator	Even if Yuri and I are quite different, I can understand where she's coming from.
	Narrator	I feel that way about things like anime and games, where simply sharing the experience with someone can make me happy.
	MC	I think I feel the same way.
	Narrator	Yuri smiles gently.
	Yuri	I knew you'd understand...
	Narrator	Yuri leans over the banner to grab an unused paintbrush.
	Narrator	But I move at the same time, causing my head to bump into hers.
	Yuri	Kya--!
	MC	S-Sorry!
	Narrator	Yuri reels back, and I quickly lift my hands in surprise.
	MC	Are you hurt?
	Yuri	N-No, I'm not hurt.
	Yuri	It just startled me...that's all.
	Yuri	Sorry, I should have asked you to get it for me...
	MC	It's not your fault.
	MC	Ah, your face...
	Narrator	There are droplets of paint on Yuri's face and neck.
	Yuri	Is there something on my face?
	MC	Yeah, I accidentally got paint on you...
	MC	Sorry, it's totally my fault!
	MC	I'll get a towel right away.
	Narrator	I rush out and fetch a small towel, then I dampen it with hot water.
	Narrator	I return to my room and kneel back down in front of her.
	MC	Here...
	Narrator	I pat down Yuri's face and neck with the towel.
	Yuri	Ah--
	MC	Is something wrong?
	Yuri	It's hot...I just didn't expect it.
	MC	Sorry...
	MC	I didn't want to use cold water.
	Narrator	Having finished, I start to retract my hand.
	Narrator	But Yuri suddenly holds my wrist.
	Yuri	Wait--
	MC	Eh?
	Yuri	Just...for a little longer.
	Yuri	It feels really nice...
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	I keep my hand still against Yuri's neck.
	Narrator	She looks into my eyes.
	Narrator	It's an intense expression that I recognize from when she reads her books...
	Narrator	Almost as if she's lost in a daze, enveloped by her own thoughts.
	Narrator	She breathes gently, half through slightly-parted lips.
	Narrator	What is happening...?
	Narrator	Is it the aroma of the Jasmine oil giving me this dizzy feeling?
	Narrator	Yuri's gentle fingers, wrapped around my wrist, send a tingling sensation through my arm.
	Narrator	And suddenly, her face seems to be much closer to mine than it was just a moment ago...
	Yuri	Ah...
	Narrator	Yuri slowly pulls away.
	Yuri	Sorry...
	Yuri	I've been feeling a little light-headed today.
	Yuri	I didn't mean to space out...
	MC	I-It's fine...
	Narrator	The moment is over as soon as it began.
	Narrator	Yuri picks up her brush again.
	Narrator	But her movements seem clumsier, like she's unable to focus.
	Narrator	I remain silent, forced to ignore the event that just transpired.
	Narrator	I hesitantly retrieve my own brush and continue following Yuri's example.
	MC	That should do it...
	Narrator	I finish filling the night sky with white dots that looks like stars.
	Narrator	Looking at the banner as a whole, it's very pretty and natural-looking.
	Yuri	I think it came out better than I expected.
	Yuri	I'm really happy with the results.
	MC	Yeah, me too.
	MC	Are you going to add the lettering now?
	Yuri	Ah, not yet...
	Yuri	It needs to dry first.
	MC	That's true, but won't that take a while?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	Perhaps it would be best to leave it here, then have you bring it in the morning.
	Yuri	I can do the lettering in the classroom before our event starts.
	Yuri	Is that okay?
	MC	That's totally fine.
	Yuri	Wonderful.
	Yuri	In that case...
	Yuri	I don't think there's anything more for us to do here.
	MC	Phew.
	Yuri	Ahaha.
	Yuri	You say that like you're glad it's over.
	Yuri	Was I wrong to assume that you were at least enjoying yourself a little bit?
	MC	Ah, no, it's not that.
	MC	I'm just glad that we managed to get everything done.
	Yuri	I see.
	Yuri	I am, too.
	Yuri	I was a little concerned about time...
	Yuri	I need to start making dinner soon.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	So you don't have any time left?
	Narrator	I was secretly hoping we would have extra time after finishing the work...
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri thinks to herself.
	Yuri	I-I think it would be too irresponsible of me to wait much longer...
	Yuri	I'm sorry!
	Yuri	I was hoping there would be more time as well...
	MC	It's probably my fault.
	MC	Sorry for being such a slow worker.
	Yuri	No, it's not your fault at all.
	Yuri	And...the important thing is that we got everything done, right?
	MC	Yeah...
	Yuri	So...
	Yuri	I shouldn't be disappointed...or anything.
	Narrator	Gathering all her things, Yuri seems to look a little downcast.
	Narrator	I understand why.
	Narrator	It sounded like she rarely gets the opportunity to spend time with friends in a relaxed environment.
	Narrator	But that doesn't mean this is the last time it can happen...
	Narrator	Once Yuri packs up, I walk her out the front door.
	Yuri	Thank you very much for having me today.
	MC	No problem, I'm glad I was able to help.
	MC	Just let me know if there's anything else you need me to bring tomorrow.
	Yuri	I will.
	Yuri	Well, then...
	Narrator	Yuri fidgets.
	Yuri	I guess...I'll see you tomorrow.
	MC	Wait--
	Narrator	I kind of say that without thinking.
	MC	About today...
	MC	It's fine that we didn't have as much time as we wanted.
	MC	Because we can do this again.
	MC	Whenever you want, you can come over, or we can go out somewhere--
	MC	Ah, I forgot you don't like going out much--
	Narrator	As I stumble over my words, Yuri simply smiles bashfully.
	MC	Anyway...
	MC	You know what I'm trying to say, so...
	Yuri	You're very thoughtful, [player].
	Narrator	Yuri takes a step closer to me, then briefly squeezes my hand.
	Yuri	I kind of like that about you...
	MC	Well...
	Narrator	How am I supposed to respond to that?
	Narrator	But I don't even get a chance to, as Yuri suddenly pulls back.
	Yuri	S-Sayori--?
	MC	Eh?!
	Sayori	Ah...
	Sayori	H-Hi, [player]...
	MC	Sayori--!
	MC	Just now, we weren't--
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	It's okay, [player].
	Sayori	I just stopped by to say hi~
	Yuri	U-Um...
	Yuri	Well, it's nice to see you...
	Yuri	I'm sorry, but I'm already on my way to leave!
	Sayori	Aw, really?
	Sayori	That's too bad...
	Yuri	I'm sorry...
	Yuri	But we'll all be together at the festival tomorrow, so...
	Yuri	So that's fine, right?
	Sayori	Of course!
	Narrator	Sayori beams.
	Yuri	Y-Yeah, so...
	Yuri	I'll see you tomorrow!
	Narrator	Clearly embarrassed, Yuri hurries off.
	Narrator	Sayori waves goodbye after her.
	MC	Sayori--
	MC	I thought you didn't want to come over today!
	Sayori	Ahaha, well...
	Sayori	I tried staying in my room...
	Sayori	But my imagination was being really mean to me...
	Sayori	So I had to come here and see it for myself.
	MC	See what?
	MC	What are you talking about?
	Sayori	You know...
	Sayori	How much fun you were having with [ch4_name].
	Sayori	And how close you got to her.
	Sayori	It makes me...really happy...
	Sayori	That you've made such good friends.
	Sayori	That's all that matters to me.
	Narrator	Tears start to fall down Sayori's face.
	Sayori	That's all that matters to me--!
	Sayori	Why am I feeling this way, [player]?
	Sayori	I'm supposed to be happy for you.
	Sayori	Why does it feel like my heart is splitting in half?
	Sayori	It hurts so much...
	Sayori	Everything hurts so much...
	Sayori	This would be so much better if I could just disappear!
	MC	Sayori, don't say that!
	Sayori	It's true, [player]!
	Sayori	If I wasn't here, then you wouldn't have to waste your sympathy on me!
	Sayori	You wouldn't have to put up with me being selfish!
	Sayori	Monika was right...
	Sayori	I should just...
	MC	Monika...?
	MC	Monika was right about what?
	Sayori	...
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	What I said before is true.
	MC	I'm not going to let this continue.
	MC	Caring about you like this isn't the burden your mind is making it out to be.
	MC	It's something that makes me happy.
	MC	It's something that I wouldn't trade for anything else.
	MC	So, even if it takes an entire lifetime...
	MC	I'm going to be by your side until you don't feel any more pain.
	Sayori	B-But...
	Narrator	Sayori looks away.
	Narrator	I put a hand on her shoulder to reassure her.
	Sayori	I'm scared, [player]...
	Sayori	I'm really scared...
	MC	What are you scared of, Sayori?
	Sayori	I'm scared that...
	Sayori	That I might like you more than you like me...
	MC	Sayori...?
	Sayori	It's true, isn't it?
	Sayori	I was weak and started to like you too much...
	Sayori	I did this to myself.
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	I like you so much that I want to die!
	Sayori	That's how I feel!
	Sayori	And...and...
	MC	That's enough, Sayori...
	MC	I don't want you to hurt anymore.
	Narrator	I slide my hand down Sayori's arm and squeeze her hand in my own.
	MC	Do you remember how I said I always know what's best for you?
	MC	Do you still believe me?
	Narrator	Wordlessly, Sayori nods.
	MC	Even if you don't understand all of your own feelings...
	MC	I know what you need the most right now.
	MC	And that's what I'm going to give to you.
	MC	Sayori...
	Narrator	I love you.
	Narrator	You'll always be my dearest friend.
	MC	I love you.
	Sayori	Eh--?
	MC	Those are my true feelings.
	MC	So...there's no way you could like me more than I like you.
	MC	I should have realized it sooner.
	MC	But spending time with everyone at the club...
	MC	Making new friends...
	MC	And having fun with you every day...
	MC	It helped me realize that you are truly the most important person to me.
	MC	That's why I'll accept any of your burdens.
	MC	As long as we continue like this every day...
	MC	With you by my side...
	MC	Then I know we'll both be happy.
	Sayori	[player]...
	Narrator	Suddenly, Sayori wraps her arms tightly around me.
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	Is this...really okay?
	MC	Yeah.
	Narrator	I hold Sayori in my arms and pull her closer.
	MC	You'll never have to let go of me again.
	Sayori	I love you, [player]...
	Sayori	I want to be with you forever.
	MC	Me too.
	Sayori	...
	Narrator	I feel Sayori's grip around me weaken a little bit.
	Sayori	What is this...?
	MC	Sayori...?
	Sayori	I'm supposed to be happy right now...
	Sayori	I always thought this would be the happiest moment for me.
	Sayori	But why...?
	Sayori	Even now...
	Sayori	Why won't the rainclouds go away?
	Sayori	They're not going away at all, [player]...
	MC	It's okay, Sayori...
	MC	It might take some time for things to get better again.
	MC	But no matter how long it takes, I'll be there every step of the way.
	MC	That's all that matters right now.
	Sayori	O-Okay...
	Sayori	I...trust you...
	Narrator	Sayori and I slowly release each other.
	MC	So...
	MC	I guess that makes the festival tomorrow...our first date, huh?
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Sayori	What are you saying?
	Sayori	I don't want to think about those things, you know?
	Sayori	I want everything to be the same as it always has been.
	Sayori	Even if we really are...a couple.
	Sayori	I don't know if I could handle anything more right now...
	Sayori	It's really new and scary to me.
	MC	I understand.
	MC	We'll go at whatever pace suits you best.
	Sayori	Hey, [player]...
	Narrator	Sayori gazes at me once again, smiling sadly.
	Sayori	Even if I get really, really sad...
	Sayori	This is the best thing for me...right?
	MC	Eh...?
	Narrator	I don't really understand what Sayori means by that.
	MC	Are you saying that this is making you feel sad, Sayori?
	Sayori	I-I don't know...
	Sayori	I don't understand what I'm feeling.
	Sayori	It felt like a bunch of thorns when you told me you love me...
	Sayori	But that's why I want to trust you.
	Sayori	You know what's best for me...
	MC	...Yeah.
	MC	I do.
	MC	That's my promise.
	Narrator	I say that, but in reality, I've never felt more uncertain when it comes to Sayori.
	Narrator	I know that I love her, and she loves me.
	Narrator	But I'm having as much trouble understanding Sayori's feelings as she is.
	Narrator	Even though I can comfort her...
	Narrator	I keep wondering if I should be doing something more, or something different.
	Narrator	I know these thoughts will continue to plague me until things are back to the way they were.
	Narrator	Is that what Sayori meant by not wanting anything to change?
	Narrator	I don't know.
	Narrator	But I know that I'll give it everything I've got.
	Narrator	Sayori is the most important person to me.
	Narrator	And I'll do whatever it takes to have a happy future with her.
	MC	You'll always be my dearest friend.
	MC	What you need most is for things to be like they've always been.
	MC	Monika told me the truth...
	MC	She told me how much happier you seemed after I joined the club.
	MC	I know you're struggling with some really difficult feelings right now.
	MC	But...
	MC	Please trust me that I know what's best...and what will make you happy in the end.
	MC	I promise I'll help get things back to the way they were.
	Sayori	I...
	Sayori	I...see...
	Narrator	Sayori forces a smile through an incredibly pained expression.
	Sayori	Ahaha...
	Sayori	Is this what it feels like...to get stabbed in the chest?
	Sayori	I should write a poem about this...
	MC	Sayori--
	Sayori	It's okay.
	Sayori	This is just my punishment...remember?
	Sayori	For being so selfish...
	Sayori	So please...
	Sayori	Please don't worry about these stupid feelings.
	Sayori	I know you're right.
	Sayori	I knew this whole time that there's no happiness down that path.
	Sayori	That's why I came here...
	Sayori	Just so I could get the answer I needed to hear.
	Sayori	And the other thing...
	Sayori	You're also right that I just want it to go back to the way it was.
	Sayori	I realize that now.
	Sayori	You really do know me better than anyone, [player].
	Sayori	I'll trust you with anything...
	Sayori	Anything at all...
	Sayori	So...
	Narrator	Sayori's smile finally breaks.
	Narrator	All of a sudden, she turns around and drops to her knees.
	Sayori	{i}AAAAAaaaaAAAAAAAAHH!!!!{/i}
	Narrator	Clutching her head with both hands, she screams as loudly as she can.
	Narrator	I'm so shocked that I don't know how to react.
	Sayori	...
	Narrator	Sayori looks over her shoulder and flashes me one more weak smile before turning around and running off.
	MC	Sayori!
	Narrator	...
	Narrator	I'm left helplessly standing in the front of my house.
	Narrator	Why am I feeling so horrible about this?
	Narrator	There's nothing more that I could have done.
	Narrator	The most I can do is support Sayori through her feelings and help her on the path that's right.
	Narrator	But I'm having as much trouble understanding Sayori's feelings as she is.
	Narrator	Even though I can comfort her...
	Narrator	I keep wondering if I should be doing something more, or something different.
	Narrator	I know these thoughts will continue to plague me until things are back to the way they were.
	Narrator	I'm going to give it everything I've got.
	Narrator	Sayori will always be my dearest friend.
	Narrator	And I'll do whatever it takes to put a smile on her face every day.
