	Narrator	../characters/monika.chr
	Narrator	ch0_kill
	Sayori	Heeeeeeeyyy!!
	Narrator	I see an annoying girl running toward me from the distance, waving her arms in the air like she's totally oblivious to any attention she might draw to herself.
	Narrator	That girl is Sayori, my neighbor and good friend since we were children.
	Narrator	You know, the kind of friend you'd never see yourself making today, but it just kind of works out because you've known each other for so long?
	Narrator	We used to walk to school together on days like this, but starting around high school she would oversleep more and more frequently, and I would get tired of waiting up.
	Narrator	But if she's going to chase after me like this, I almost feel better off running away.
	Narrator	However, I just sigh and idle in front of the crosswalk and let Sayori catch up to me.
	Narrator	Sayori
	Sayori	Haaahhh...haaahhh...
	Sayori	I overslept again!
	Sayori	But I caught you this time!
	MC	Maybe, but only because I decided to stop and wait for you.
	Sayori	Eeehhhhh, you say that like you were thinking about ignoring me!
	Sayori	That's mean, [player]!
	MC	Well, if people stare at you for acting weird then I don't want them to think we're a couple or something.
	Sayori	Fine, fine.
	Sayori	But you did wait for me, after all.
	Sayori	I guess you don't have it in you to be mean even if you want to~
	MC	Whatever you say, Sayori...
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Narrator	We cross the street together and make our way to school.
	Narrator	As we draw near, the streets become increasingly speckled with other students making their daily commute.
	Sayori	By the way, [player]...
	Sayori	Have you decided on a club to join yet?
	MC	A club?
	MC	I told you already, I'm really not interested in joining any clubs.
	MC	I haven't been looking, either.
	Sayori	Eh? That's not true!
	Sayori	You told me you would join a club this year!
	MC	Did I...?
	Narrator	I'm sure it's possible that I did, in one of our many conversations where I dismissively go along with whatever she's going on about.
	Narrator	Sayori likes to worry a little too much about me, when I'm perfectly content just getting by on the average while spending my free time on games and anime.
	Sayori	Uh-huh!
	Sayori	I was talking about how I'm worried that you won't learn how to socialize or have any skills before college.
	Sayori	Your happiness is really important to me, you know!
	Sayori	And I know you're happy now, but I'd die at the thought of you becoming a NEET in a few years because you're not used to the real world!
	Sayori	You trust me, right?
	Sayori	Don't make me keep worrying about you...
	MC	Alright, alright...
	MC	I'll look at a few clubs if it makes you happy.
	MC	No promises, though.
	Sayori	Will you at least promise me you'll try a little?
	MC	Yeah, I guess I'll promise you that.
	Sayori	Yaay~!
	Narrator	Why do I let myself get lectured by such a carefree girl?
	Narrator	More than that, I'm surprised I even let myself relent to her.
	Narrator	I guess seeing her worry so much about me makes me want to ease her mind at least a little bit - even if she does exaggerate everything inside of her head.
	Narrator	The school day is as ordinary as ever, and it's over before I know it.
	Narrator	After I pack up my things, I stare blankly at the wall, looking for an ounce of motivation.
	MC	Clubs...
	Narrator	Sayori wants me to check out some clubs.
	Narrator	I guess I have no choice but to start with the anime club...
	Sayori	Hellooo?
	MC	Sayori...?
	Narrator	Sayori must have come into the classroom while I was spacing out.
	Narrator	I look around and realize that I'm the only one left in the classroom.
	Sayori	I thought I'd catch you coming out of the classroom, but I saw you just sitting here and spacing out, so I came in.
	Sayori	Honestly, you're even worse than me sometimes... I'm impressed!
	MC	You don't need to wait up for me if it's going to make you late to your own club.
	Sayori	Well, I thought you might need some encouragement, so I thought, you know...
	MC	Know what?
	Sayori	Well, that you could come to my club!
	MC	Sayori...
	Sayori	Yeah??
	MC	...There is no way I'm going to your club.
	Sayori	Eeeehhhhh?! Meanie!
	Narrator	Sayori is vice president of the Literature Club.
	Narrator	Not that I was ever aware that she had any interest in literature.
	Narrator	In fact, I'm 99%% sure she only did it because she thought it would be fun to help start a new club.
	Narrator	Since she was the first one to show interest after the one who proposed the club, she inherited the title \"Vice President\".
	Narrator	That said, my interest in literature is guaranteed to be even less.
	MC	Yeah. I'm going to the anime club.
	Sayori	C'mon, please?
	MC	Why do you care so much, anyway?
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	I kind of told the club yesterday I would bring in a new member...
	Sayori	And Natsuki made cupcakes and everything...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	Don't make promises you can't keep!
	Narrator	I can't tell if Sayori is really that much of an airhead, or if she's so cunning as to have planned all of this out.
	Narrator	I let out a long sigh.
	MC	Fine... I'll stop by for a cupcake, okay?
	Sayori	Yes! Let's go~!
	Narrator	And thus, today marks the day I sold my soul for a cupcake.
	Narrator	I dejectedly follow Sayori across the school and upstairs - a section of the school I rarely visit, being generally used for third-year classes and activities.
	Narrator	Sayori, full of energy, swings open the classroom door.
	Sayori	Everyone! The new member is here~!
	MC	I told you, don't call me a 'new member--'
	Narrator	Eh? I glance around the room.
	Yuri	Welcome to the Literature Club. It's a pleasure meeting you.
	Yuri	Sayori always says nice things about you.
	Natsuki	Seriously? You brought a boy?
	Natsuki	Way to kill the atmosphere.
	Monika	Ah, [player]! What a nice surprise!
	Monika	Welcome to the club!
	MC	...
	Narrator	All words escape me in this situation.
	Narrator	This club...
	Narrator	{i}...is full of incredibly cute girls!!{/i}
	Natsuki	What are you looking at?
	Natsuki	If you want to say something, say it.
	MC	S-Sorry...
	Yuri	Natsuki...
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Narrator	The girl with the sour attitude, whose name is apparently Natsuki, is one I don't recognize.
	Narrator	Her small figure makes me think she's probably a first-year.
	Narrator	She is also the one who made cupcakes, according to Sayori.
	Sayori	You can just ignore her when she gets moody~
	Narrator	Sayori says that quietly into my ear, then turns back toward the other girls.
	Sayori	Anyway! This is Natsuki, always full of energy.
	Sayori	And this is Yuri, the smartest in the club!
	Yuri	D-Don't say things like that...
	Narrator	Yuri, who appears comparably more mature and timid, seems to have a hard time keeping up with people like Sayori and Natsuki.
	MC	Ah... Well, it's nice to meet both of you.
	Sayori	And it sounds like you already know Monika, is that right?
	Monika	That's right.
	Monika	It's great to see you again, [player].
	Narrator	Monika smiles sweetly.
	Narrator	We do know each other - well, we rarely talked, but we were in the same class last year.
	Narrator	Monika was probably the most popular girl in class - smart, beautiful, athletic.
	Narrator	Basically, completely out of my league.
	Narrator	So, having her smile at me so genuinely feels a little...
	MC	Y-You too, Monika.
	Sayori	Come sit down, [player]! We made room for you at the table, so you can sit next to me or Monika.
	Sayori	I'll get the cupcakes~
	Natsuki	Hey! I made them, I'll get them!
	Sayori	Sorry, I got a little too excited~
	Yuri	Then, how about I make some tea as well?
	Narrator	The girls have a few desks arranged to form a table.
	Narrator	As Sayori mentioned, it's been widened so that there is one space next to Monika and one space next to Sayori.
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri walk over to the corner of the room, where Natsuki grabs a wrapped tray and Yuri opens the closet.
	Narrator	Still feeling awkward, I take a seat next to Sayori.
	Narrator	Natsuki proudly marches back to the table, tray in hand.
	Natsuki	Okaaay, are you ready?
	Natsuki	...Ta-daa!
	Sayori	Uwooooah!
	Narrator	Natsuki lifts the foil off the tray to reveal a dozen white, fluffy cupcakes decorated to look like little cats.
	Narrator	The whiskers are drawn with icing, and little pieces of chocolate were used to make ears.
	Sayori	So cuuuute~!
	Monika	I had no idea you were so good at baking, Natsuki!
	Natsuki	Ehehe. Well, you know.
	Natsuki	Just hurry and take one!
	Narrator	Sayori grabs one first, then Monika. I follow.
	Sayori	It's delicious!
	Narrator	Sayori talks with her mouth full and has already managed to get icing on her face.
	Narrator	I turn the cupcake around in my fingers, looking for the best angle to take a bite.
	Narrator	Natsuki is quiet.
	Narrator	I can't help but notice her sneaking glances in my direction.
	Narrator	Is she waiting for me to take a bite?
	Narrator	I finally bite down.
	Narrator	The icing is sweet and full of flavor - I wonder if she made it herself.
	MC	This is really good.
	MC	Thank you, Natsuki.
	Natsuki	W-Why are you thanking me? It's not like I...!
	Narrator	{i}(Haven't I heard this somewhere before...?){/i}
	Natsuki	...Made them for you or anything.
	MC	Eh? I thought you technically did. Sayori said--
	Natsuki	Well, maybe!
	Natsuki	But not for, y-you know, {i}you!{/i} Dummy...
	MC	Alright, alright...
	Narrator	I give up on Natsuki's weird logic and dismiss the conversation.
	Narrator	Yuri returns to the table, carrying a tea set.
	Narrator	She carefully places a teacup in front of each of us before setting down the teapot next to the cupcake tray.
	MC	You keep a whole tea set in this classroom?
	Yuri	Don't worry, the teachers gave us permission.
	Yuri	After all, doesn't a hot cup of tea help you enjoy a good book?
	MC	Ah... I-I guess...
	Monika	Ehehe, don't let yourself get intimidated, Yuri's just trying to impress you.
	Yuri	Eh?! T-That's not...
	Narrator	Insulted, Yuri looks away.
	Yuri	I meant that, you know...
	MC	I believe you.
	MC	Well, tea and reading might not be a pastime for me, but I at least enjoy tea.
	Yuri	I'm glad...
	Narrator	Yuri faintly smiles to herself in relief.
	Narrator	Monika raises an eyebrow, then smiles at me.
	Monika	So, what made you consider the Literature Club?
	MC	Um...
	Narrator	I was afraid of this question.
	Narrator	Something tells me I shouldn't tell Monika that I was practically dragged here by Sayori.
	MC	Well, I haven't joined any clubs yet, and Sayori seemed really happy here, so...
	Monika	That's okay! Don't be embarrassed!
	Monika	We'll make sure you feel right at home, okay?
	Monika	As president of the Literature Club, it's my duty to make the club fun and exciting for everyone!
	MC	Monika, I'm surprised.
	MC	How come you decided to start your own club?
	MC	You could probably be a board member for any of the major clubs.
	MC	Weren't you a leader of the debate club last year?
	Monika	Ahaha, well, you know...
	Monika	To be honest, I can't stand all of the politics around the major clubs.
	Monika	It feels like nothing but arguing about the budget and publicity and how to prepare for events...
	Monika	I'd much rather take something I personally enjoy and make something special out of it.
	Monika	And if it encourages others to get into literature, then I'm fulfilling that dream!
	Sayori	Monika really is a great leader!
	Narrator	Yuri also nods in agreement.
	MC	Then I'm surprised there aren't more people in the club yet.
	MC	It must be hard to start a new club.
	Monika	You could put it that way.
	Monika	Not many people are very interested in putting out all the effort to start something brand new...
	Monika	Especially when it's something that doesn't grab your attention, like literature.
	Monika	You have to work hard to convince people that you're both fun and worthwhile.
	Monika	But it makes school events, like the festival, that much more important.
	Monika	I'm confident that we can all really grow this club before we graduate!
	Monika	Right, everyone?
	Sayori	Yeah!
	Yuri	We'll do our best.
	Natsuki	You know it!
	Narrator	Everyone enthusiastically agrees.
	Narrator	Such different girls, all interested in the same goal...
	Narrator	Monika must have worked really hard just to find these three.
	Narrator	Maybe that's why they were all so delighted by the idea of a new member joining.
	Narrator	Though I still don't really know if I can keep up with their level of enthusiasm about literature...
	Yuri	So, [player], what kinds of things do you like to read?
	MC	Well... Ah...
	Narrator	Considering how little I've read these past few years, I don't really have a good way of answering that.
	MC	...Manga...
	Narrator	I mutter quietly to myself, half-joking.
	Narrator	Natsuki's head suddenly perks up.
	Narrator	It looks like she wants to say something, but she keeps quiet.
	Yuri	N-Not much of a reader, I guess...
	MC	...Well, that can change...
	Narrator	What am I saying?
	Narrator	I spoke without thinking after seeing Yuri's sad smile.
	MC	Anyway, what about you, Yuri?
	Yuri	Well, let's see...
	Narrator	Yuri traces the rim of her teacup with her finger.
	Yuri	My favorites are usually novels that build deep and complex fantasy worlds.
	Yuri	The level of creativity and craftsmanship behind them is amazing to me.
	Yuri	And telling a good story in such a foreign world is equally impressive.
	Narrator	Yuri goes on, clearly passionate about her reading.
	Narrator	She seemed so reserved and timid since the moment I walked in, but it's obvious by the way her eyes light up that she finds her comfort in the world of books, not people.
	Yuri	But you know, I like a lot of things.
	Yuri	Stories with deep psychological elements usually immerse me as well.
	Yuri	Isn't it amazing how a writer can so deliberately take advantage of your own lack of imagination to completely throw you for a loop?
	Yuri	Anyway, I've been reading a lot of horror lately...
	MC	Ah, I read a horror book once...
	Narrator	I desperately grasp something I can relate to at the minimal level.
	Narrator	At this rate, Yuri might as well be having a conversation with a rock.
	Monika	Really? I wouldn't have expected that, Yuri.
	Monika	For someone as gentle as you...
	Yuri	I guess you could say that.
	Yuri	But if a story makes me think, or takes me to another world, then I really can't put it down.
	Yuri	Surreal horror is often very successful at changing the way you look at the world, if only for a brief moment.
	Natsuki	Ugh, I hate horror...
	Yuri	Oh? Why's that?
	Natsuki	Well, I just...
	Narrator	Natsuki's eyes dart over to me for a split second.
	Natsuki	Never mind.
	Monika	That's right, you usually like to write about cute things, don't you, Natsuki?
	Natsuki	W-What?
	Natsuki	What gives you that idea?
	Monika	You left a piece of scrap paper behind last club meeting.
	Monika	It looked like you were working on a poem called--
	Natsuki	Don't say it out loud!!
	Natsuki	And give that back!
	Monika	Fine, fine~
	Sayori	Ehehe, your cupcakes, your poems...
	Sayori	Everything you do is just as cute as you are~
	Narrator	Sayori sidles up behind Natsuki and puts her hands on her shoulders.
	Natsuki	{i}I'm not cute!!{/i}
	MC	Natsuki, you write your own poems?
	Natsuki	Eh? Well, I guess sometimes.
	Natsuki	Why do you care?
	MC	I think that's impressive.
	MC	Why don't you share them sometime?
	Natsuki	N-No!
	Narrator	Natsuki averts her eyes.
	Natsuki	You wouldn't...like them...
	MC	Ah...not a very confident writer yet?
	Yuri	I understand how Natsuki feels.
	Yuri	Sharing that level of writing takes more than just confidence.
	Yuri	The truest form of writing is writing to oneself.
	Yuri	You must be willing to open up to your readers, exposing your vulnerabilities and showing even the deepest reaches of your heart.
	Monika	Do you have writing experience too, Yuri?
	Monika	Maybe if you share some of your work, you can set an example and help Natsuki feel comfortable enough to share hers.
	Yuri	...
	MC	I guess it's the same for Yuri...
	Sayori	Aww... I wanted to read everyone's poems...
	Narrator	We all sit in silence for a moment.
	Monika	Okay!
	Monika	I have an idea, everyone~
	Natsuki/Yuri	...?
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri look quizzically at Monika.
	Monika	Let's all go home and write a poem of our own!
	Monika	Then, next time we meet, we'll all share them with each other.
	Monika	That way, everyone is even!
	Natsuki	U-Um...
	Yuri	...
	Sayori	Yeaaah! Let's do it!
	Monika	Plus, now that we have a new member, I think it will help us all get a little more comfortable with each other, and strengthen the bond of the club.
	Monika	Isn't that right, [player]?
	Narrator	Monika smiles warmly at me once again.
	MC	Hold on...there's still one problem.
	Monika	Eh? What's that?
	Narrator	Now that we're back to the original topic of me joining the club, I bluntly come forth with what's been on my mind the entire time.
	MC	I never said I would join this club!
	MC	Sayori may have convinced me to stop by, but I never made any decision.
	MC	I still have other clubs to look at, and...um...
	Narrator	I lose my train of thought.
	Narrator	All four girls stare back at me with dejected eyes.
	Monika	B-But...
	Yuri	I'm sorry, I thought...
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Sayori	[player]...
	MC	Y-You all...
	Narrator	I...I'm defenseless against these girls.
	Narrator	How am I supposed to make a clear-headed decision when it's like this?
	Narrator	That is, if writing poems is the price I need to pay in order to spend every day with these beautiful girls...
	MC	...Right.
	MC	Okay, I've decided, then.
	MC	I'll join the Literature Club.
	Narrator	One by one, the girls' eyes light up.
	Sayori	Yesss! I'm so happyyy~
	Narrator	Sayori wraps her arms around me, jumping up and down.
	MC	H-Hey--
	Yuri	You really did scare me for a moment...
	Natsuki	If you really just came for the cupcakes, I would be super pissed.
	Monika	Then that makes it official!
	Monika	Welcome to the Literature Club!
	MC	Ah...thanks, I guess.
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Monika	I think with that, we can officially end today's meeting on a good note.
	Monika	Everyone remember tonight's assignment:
	Monika	Write a poem to bring to the next meeting, so we can all share!
	Narrator	Monika looks over at me once more.
	Monika	[player], I look forward to seeing how you express yourself.
	Monika	Ehehe~
	MC	Y-Yeah...
	Narrator	Can I really impress the class star Monika with my mediocre writing skills?
	Narrator	I already feel the anxiety welling up inside me.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, the girls continue to chit-chat as Yuri and Natsuki clean up their food.
	Sayori	Hey, [player], since we're already here, do you want to walk home together?
	Narrator	That's right - Sayori and I never walk home together anymore because she always stayed after school for clubs.
	MC	Sure, might as well.
	Sayori	Yaay~
	Narrator	With that, the two of us depart the clubroom and make our way home.
	Narrator	The whole way, my mind wanders back and forth between the four girls:
	Narrator	Sayori,
	Narrator	Natsuki,
	Narrator	Yuri,
	Narrator	and, of course, Monika.
	Narrator	Will I really be happy spending every day after school in a literature club?
	Narrator	Perhaps I'll have the chance to grow closer to one of these girls...
	Narrator	Alright!
	Narrator	I'll just need to make the most of my circumstances, and I'm sure good fortune will find me.
	Narrator	And I guess that starts with writing a poem tonight...
	Narrator	Sayori
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	W-What...
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	This...
	Sayori	What is this...?
	Sayori	Oh no...
	Sayori	No...
	Sayori	This can't be it.
	Sayori	This can't be all there is.
	Sayori	What is this?
	Sayori	What am I?
	Sayori	Make it stop!
	Sayori	PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!
	Narrator	sayori
	Narrator	natsuki
	Narrator	yuri
	Narrator	monika
