	Narrator	I'm really curious to talk to Yuri a little bit more...
	Narrator	But at the same time, I would feel bad for distracting her from reading.
	Narrator	I catch a glimpse of the cover of her book.
	Narrator	It looks like the same book that she lent to me...
	Narrator	More than that, she seems to be on the first few pages.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Narrator	Crap--
	Narrator	I think she noticed me looking at her...
	Narrator	She sneaks another glance at me, and our eyes meet for a split second.
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	But that only makes her hide her face deeper in her book.
	MC	Sorry...
	MC	I was just spacing out...
	Narrator	I mutter this, sensing I made her uncomfortable.
	Yuri	Oh...
	Yuri	It's fine...
	Yuri	If I was focused, then I probably wouldn't have noticed in the first place.
	Yuri	But I'm just re-reading a bit of this, so...
	MC	That's the book that you gave me, right?
	Yuri	Mhm.
	Yuri	I wanted to re-read some of it.
	Yuri	Not for any particular reason...!
	MC	Just curious, how come you have two copies of the same book?
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	Well, when I stopped at the bookstore yesterday--
	Yuri	Ah, that's not what I meant...
	Yuri	I mean--
	Yuri	I...just happened to buy two of them.
	MC	Ah, I see.
	Narrator	There's something fairly obvious here that Yuri isn't telling me, but I decide to let it go.
	MC	I'll definitely start reading it soon!
	Yuri	I'm glad to hear...
	Yuri	Once it starts to pick up, you might have a hard time putting it down.
	Yuri	It's a very engaging and relatable story.
	MC	Is that so...?
	MC	What's it about, anyway?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	Mmm...
	Narrator	Yuri closes the book and scans her eyes over the back.
	Narrator	The book is titled \"Portrait of Markov\".
	Narrator	There's an ominous-looking eye symbol on the front cover.
	Yuri	Alright...
	Yuri	I just wanted to make sure I don't accidentally give anything away.
	Yuri	Basically, it's about this girl in high school who moves in with her long-lost younger sister...
	Yuri	But as soon as she does so, her life gets really strange.
	Yuri	She gets targeted by these people who escaped from a human experiment prison...
	Yuri	And while her life is in danger, she needs to desperately choose who to trust.
	Yuri	No matter what she does, she ends up destroying most of her relationships and her life starts to fall apart...
	MC	That's kind of--!
	Narrator	That's kind of dark, isn't it?
	Narrator	Yuri made it sound like it was going to be a nice story, so that dark turn came from nowhere.
	Yuri	Ahaha.
	Narrator	Yuri gently giggles, all of a sudden.
	Yuri	Are you not a fan of that sort of thing, [player]?
	MC	No, it's not that...
	MC	I mean, I can definitely enjoy those kinds of stories, so don't worry.
	Yuri	I hope so...
	Narrator	Yeah... I totally forgot that Yuri is into those things.
	Narrator	She's so shy and reclusive on the outside, but her mind seems to be completely different.
	Yuri	It's just that those kinds of stories...
	Yuri	They challenge you to look at life from a strange new perspective.
	Yuri	When horrible things happen not just because someone wants to be evil...
	Yuri	But because they have their own goals, or their own philosophy that they believe in.
	Yuri	Then suddenly, when you thought you related to the protagonist...
	Yuri	They're made out to be the naive one for letting their one-sided morals interfere with the villain's plans.
	Yuri	I'm...I'm rambling, aren't I...?
	Yuri	Not again...
	Yuri	I'm sorry...
	MC	Hey, don't apologize...!
	MC	I haven't lost interest or anything.
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	I guess it's alright, then...
	Yuri	But I feel like I should let you know that I have this problem...
	Yuri	When I let things like books and writing fill my thoughts...
	Yuri	I kind of forget to pay attention to other people...
	Yuri	So I'm sorry if I end up saying something strange!
	Yuri	And please stop me if I start talking too much!
	MC	That's--
	MC	I really don't think you need to worry...
	MC	That just means you're passionate about reading.
	MC	The least I can do is listen.
	MC	It's a literature club, after all...
	Yuri	Ah--
	Yuri	That's...
	Yuri	Well, that's true...
	MC	In fact...
	MC	I might as well get started reading it, right?
	Yuri	Y-You don't have to!
	MC	Ahaha, what are you saying?
	MC	Just a moment ago, you said you were looking forward to it.
	Yuri	...
	MC	Let me just get the book...
	Narrator	I quickly retrieve the book that I had put into my bag.
	MC	Alright...it's fine if I sit here, right?
	Narrator	I slip into the seat next to Yuri's.
	Yuri	Ah...!
	Yuri	Yeah...
	MC	Are you sure?
	MC	You seem a little apprehensive...
	Yuri	That's...
	Yuri	I'm sorry...
	Yuri	It's not that I don't want you to!
	Yuri	It's just something I'm not very used to...
	Yuri	That is, reading in company with someone.
	MC	I see...
	MC	Well, just tell me if I end up distracting you or anything.
	Yuri	A-Alright...
	Narrator	I open the book and start the prologue.
	Narrator	I soon understand what Yuri means about reading in company.
	Narrator	It's as if I can feel her presence over my shoulder as I read.
	Narrator	It's not a particularly bad thing.
	Narrator	Maybe a little distracting, but the feeling is somewhat comforting.
	Narrator	Yuri is in the corner of my eye.
	Narrator	I realize that she's not actually looking at her own book.
	Narrator	I glance over.
	Narrator	It looks like she's reading from my book instead--
	Yuri	S-Sorry!
	Yuri	I was just--!
	MC	Yuri, you really apologize a lot, don't you?
	Yuri	I...I do?
	Yuri	I don't really mean to...
	Yuri	Sorry...
	Yuri	I mean--!
	MC	Ahaha.
	MC	Here, this should work, right?
	Narrator	I slide my desk until it's up against Yuri's, then hold my book more between the two of them.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	I suppose so...
	Narrator	Yuri timidly closes her own copy.
	Narrator	Once we each lean in a little bit, our shoulders are almost touching.
	Narrator	It feels like my left arm is in the way, so instead I use my right hand to hold the book open.
	MC	Ah, I guess that makes it kind of difficult to turn the page...
	Yuri	Here...
	Narrator	Yuri takes her left arm and holds the left side of the book between her thumb and forefinger.
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	I do the same with my right arm, on the right side of the book.
	Narrator	That way, I turn a page, and Yuri slides it under her thumb after it flips to her side.
	Narrator	But in holding it like this...
	Narrator	We're huddled even closer together than before.
	Narrator	It's actually kind of distracting me...!
	Narrator	It's as if I can feel the warmth of Yuri's face, and she's in the corner of my vision...
	Yuri	...Are you ready?
	MC	Eh?
	Yuri	To turn the page...
	MC	Ah...sorry!
	MC	I think I got a bit distracted for a second...
	Narrator	I glance over at Yuri's face again, and our eyes meet.
	Narrator	I don't know how I'll be able to keep up with her...
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	That's okay.
	Yuri	You're not as used to reading, right?
	Yuri	I don't mind being patient if it takes you a bit longer...
	Yuri	It's probably the least I can do...
	Yuri	Since you've been so patient with me...
	MC	Y-Yeah...
	MC	Thanks.
	Narrator	We continue reading.
	Narrator	Yuri no longer asks me if I'm ready to turn the page.
	Narrator	Instead, I just assume that she finishes the page before me, so I turn it by my own volition.
	Narrator	We continue the first chapter in silence.
	Narrator	Even so, turning each page almost feels like an intimate exchange...
	Narrator	My thumb gently letting go of the page, letting it flutter over to her side as she catches it under her own thumb.
	MC	Hey, Yuri...
	MC	This might be a silly thought, but...
	MC	The main character kind of reminds me of you a little bit.
	Yuri	You...think so?
	Yuri	How does she?
	MC	Well, I guess she's more blunt in a lot of ways...
	MC	But she also second-guesses all of the things that she says and does.
	MC	Like she's afraid she'll do something wrong.
	MC	It's not like I can see into your head or anything...
	MC	But they're kind of reminiscent of some of your mannerisms.
	Yuri	I-I see...
	Narrator	Yuri remains silent for a moment.
	Yuri	But [player]...
	Yuri	That's probably...
	Yuri	...a terrible thing to have in common with her!
	Yuri	Uuuh, that's so embarrassing that you think that...
	MC	W-Wait!
	MC	I didn't mean it in a bad way or anything!
	MC	Sorry, I really didn't know you were self-conscious about that sort of thing...
	Yuri	...
	MC	I guess I more meant that it's kind of cute...
	Yuri	A-Ah--
	Yuri	What are you saying all of a sudden...?
	Yuri	I...!
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Yuri	...!
	Monika	I think it's about time we share today's poems with each other.
	Monika	We might not have enough time if we wait too long.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Narrator	Yuri exhales, spared from finishing her thought.
	Monika	Is that alright, Yuri?
	Monika	You look kind of down...
	Monika	I'm sorry if you haven't been looking forward to this...
	Yuri	Ah, it's not...
	Yuri	...It's fine.
	Narrator	Yuri releases her hand from the book, causing it to close on top of my thumb.
	MC	Alright...
	MC	I guess I'll do some more reading tonight.
	MC	Or would you prefer I only read it with you?
	Yuri	Um...!
	Yuri	I...guess I don't have too much of a preference either way...
	MC	Hmm...
	MC	In that case, I'll read a little more tonight.
	MC	It'll be more fun to read with you after it picks up a bit, you know?
	Yuri	That's good reasoning.
	Yuri	In that case, feel free to finish the first two chapters in your own time.
	MC	Alright!
	Narrator	I stand up.
	Narrator	I make a mental note of where I left off in the book, then slip it back into my bag.
	MC	Hey, Yuri.
	Yuri	Eh?
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	I suddenly notice that Yuri is reading a different book from the one we've been reading together.
	MC	Sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt...
	Yuri	Ah, no...
	Yuri	I was kind of just waiting for you...
	MC	Ah, if that's the case...
	MC	Why don't we go ahead and get started?
	Yuri	Yes, let's!
	Yuri	Actually, I have a request...
	Yuri	...Do you mind if I make some tea first?
	MC	Not at all.
	Yuri	Thanks very much.
	Yuri	If there's one thing that can make my reading time here any better, it's a nice cup of tea.
	Yuri	Not to mention for yourself, as well.
	Narrator	Yuri stands up and makes her way to the closet.
	Narrator	I follow and watch as she retrieves a small water pitcher from the shelf - the kind with a filter inside.
	Yuri	Can you hold this for a second?
	MC	Sure...
	Narrator	Yuri hands me the water pitcher and also fetches an electric kettle.
	Yuri	I'm going to plug this in at the teacher's desk, and then we'll go get some water.
	Narrator	She walks past me and sets the kettle down on the teacher's desk.
	Narrator	I simply watch her movements.
	Narrator	To my surprise, the way she moves really contrasts her speaking mannerisms.
	Narrator	Especially because of her long legs, Yuri appears elegant and methodical.
	Yuri	Okay, may I have the water pitcher?
	Yuri	Thanks. I'll be right back.
	MC	Ah, I might as well walk with you...
	Yuri	Yeah...why not?
	Yuri	Shall we go, then?
	MC	Yeah...
	Monika	Hm? Where are you two off to?
	MC	Eh?
	MC	We're just...Yuri was going to make some tea, so...
	Narrator	I suddenly realize how weird it sounds to explain this to Monika.
	MC	We're just filling the water pitcher...
	Monika	Ah, okay!
	Monika	Sorry, I was just a bit curious...
	Monika	That's kind of a one-person job, isn't it?
	MC	That's--
	Yuri	Monika, please mind your own business for once.
	Yuri	Or do you want to tell me there's something wrong with helping involve [player] in club activities?
	Monika	E-Eh...?
	MC	--!
	Narrator	My mouth gapes.
	Monika	I...
	Monika	I suppose there's nothing wrong with that...
	Yuri	Hmph...
	Yuri	Then let's go, [player].
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	Yuri quickly exits the room, and I follow.
	Narrator	Once in the hallway, she suddenly puts her forehead against the wall.
	Yuri	I spoke without thinking...
	Yuri	How could I say something like that...?
	MC	Yuri...
	Yuri	I just...
	Yuri	Something about the way she said that...
	Yuri	It made me feel so...irritated.
	Yuri	What's wrong with me...?
	MC	No, Yuri.
	MC	I think...you did the right thing!
	MC	I wasn't expecting it, but...
	MC	It's also not right for Monika to judge people like that.
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	How come even when I do something bad...
	Yuri	You're being nice to me?
	MC	Because.
	MC	Nothing that you do is as bad as you make it seem in your head.
	MC	Nobody's perfect.
	MC	We have emotions, and we can't always hide them away.
	MC	But you always amplify things in your head...
	MC	Your mind turns a light rain shower into a hurricane.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	N-No...
	Yuri	Wouldn't you hate me for something as terrible as that...?
	MC	Why would I hate you?
	MC	I can't hate someone for having emotions...
	MC	What kind of friend would do that?
	Yuri	Friend...you say?
	Yuri	Ah...um...
	Narrator	Yuri lifts her head.
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	I really like...being friends with you!
	MC	Ahaha...
	MC	Thanks, Yuri.
	MC	I like being friends with you too...
	Narrator	I feel kind of awkward saying something like that...
	Narrator	But I'm doing my best to help Yuri feel better.
	MC	Anyway...!
	Yuri	Ah-- Yeah...
	Yuri	Shall we go?
	MC	Yeah.
	Narrator	Yuri and I walk to the nearest water fountain.
	Narrator	Once we fill up the water pitcher, we return to the classroom.
	Yuri	[player], do you like oolong tea?
	MC	Ah, yeah.
	MC	Anything is fine.
	Yuri	Very well.
	Narrator	Yuri sets the temperature on the kettle to 200 degrees.
	Yuri	Now it's time to get the teapot.
	MC	You really do this properly, don't you?
	Yuri	Of course...
	Yuri	I shouldn't do any less when I'm making tea for others.
	MC	Even if I'm not an expert on tea or anything...?
	Yuri	Huhu.
	Yuri	In that case, you'll only be even more impressed.
	MC	Ah...perhaps I will!
	Narrator	Yuri fetches the teapot and begins measuring the tea leaves.
	Narrator	To my surprise, she even starts humming a little to herself.
	MC	You must be in a good mood now...
	Yuri	Is that so?
	Yuri	I was letting it show...
	Yuri	And you noticed.
	Yuri	I was doing a bit of thinking...
	Yuri	And I decided that I would try expressing myself a little bit more.
	Yuri	It turns out it's not very hard for me to do...
	Yuri	When it's you who's around, anyway.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	That's great, Yuri!
	MC	Just don't push yourself too much.
	Yuri	You're always worrying about me, [player]...
	Yuri	It's very endearing.
	MC	That's...
	Narrator	Yuri wasn't kidding...
	Narrator	I don't even know if I can keep up with this...!
	Narrator	I watch Yuri pour a cup of tea for each of us.
	Yuri	[player], I have another request.
	Yuri	Do you mind if we sit on the floor today?
	MC	Eh? Why's that?
	Yuri	It's a little bit easier on my back...
	Yuri	I can read with my back against the wall rather than bending over at my desk.
	MC	Ah, sorry, I didn't realize.
	Yuri	No worries.
	Yuri	I just have back pain fairly regularly, so I do my best to manage it.
	MC	Is that so?
	MC	I wonder why that is...
	Yuri	It's most likely because my--
	Yuri	Ah--
	Yuri	M-My...
	MC	Your posture, right?
	MC	Always hunched over like that while reading...
	Yuri	Yes!
	Yuri	I have terrible reading posture!
	Yuri	So that's why we should sit on the floor.
	MC	Fair enough.
	MC	I'll go ahead and get the book.
	Narrator	I retrieve the book from my bag.
	MC	Ah, I have some chocolate as well...
	Narrator	It's a bag of small chocolate candies that I kept hidden from Sayori's candy radar.
	Narrator	I take it, since it'll go well with the tea.
	Narrator	Yuri and I then sit against the wall, teacups at our sides.
	Narrator	As if in sync, we assume the same reading position as last time, each holding one half of the book.
	Narrator	Except this time...
	Narrator	Our bodies are even closer to each other.
	Yuri	I can't see too well...
	MC	--!
	Narrator	Yuri slides closer until our shoulders are touching.
	Narrator	How am I supposed to focus on reading like this...?!
	Narrator	Yuri was always kind of cute, but...
	Narrator	When she's being less apprehensive, it's almost more than I can handle!
	Yuri	Your teacup...
	Narrator	Yuri hands me my teacup.
	Narrator	Holding it with my hand that's not holding the book, I end up in a position that makes it even harder to focus.
	Narrator	Because now I need to worry about making sure I don't accidentally touch her chest...!
	Narrator	Meanwhile, Yuri hasn't noticed a single thing.
	Narrator	She wears her intense reading expression, and I can only presume the world around her has faded away.
	Narrator	I use all of my willpower to focus on reading.
	Narrator	...
	Narrator	After a few minutes, I finally manage to relax a little.
	Narrator	I put the teacup between my legs and fumble with the chocolate wrapper.
	MC	Ah, sorry...
	Narrator	I briefly let go of the book to finish opening the wrapper.
	MC	You can have as much as you want.
	Yuri	Ah, that's...
	Yuri	That's okay, I won't take any...
	MC	Eh? Are you sure?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	If I touch it, then it might get smudges on the pages...
	MC	Ah, you're right...
	MC	I didn't even think about that.
	MC	My bad...
	Yuri	No need to apologize.
	Yuri	I'll hold the book, okay?
	MC	Are you sure...?
	Yuri	Of course.
	Narrator	Yuri opens the book with both hands.
	Narrator	She holds it so that I don't have any harder of a time reading from it.
	Narrator	But as a result, her left arm is practically resting on top of my leg.
	MC	Well, in that case...
	Narrator	Yuri is already totally focused on reading again.
	Narrator	I take a chocolate candy and pop it into my mouth.
	Narrator	Then, I take another chocolate...
	Narrator	And I hold it up to Yuri.
	Narrator	She doesn't even look away from the book.
	Narrator	She simply parts her lips, as if this situation was completely natural.
	Narrator	But that means I can't stop here!
	Narrator	I apprehensively place the chocolate in her mouth.
	Narrator	Just like that, Yuri closes her lips over it.
	Yuri	Eh...?
	Narrator	Yuri's expression suddenly breaks.
	Yuri	Did...
	Yuri	Did I just...
	Narrator	Yuri looks at me like she needs to confirm what just happened.
	Yuri	U-Um...
	Yuri	[player]...
	MC	S-Sorry!
	MC	I guess I shouldn't have done that...
	Yuri	Ah, that's...
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	Y-You were just helping...
	Yuri	That's something that...friends do...
	Yuri	...Right?
	MC	I mean...
	Narrator	Not really in this kind of context, but...
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	...That's all it was.
	Yuri	Yeah...
	Yuri	Then...
	Yuri	You don't need to stop or anything...
	MC	I-I see...
	Narrator	The situation has gotten really tense...
	Narrator	Yuri tries to return to the book.
	Narrator	But I can tell just by her expression that even she can't focus now.
	Narrator	My heart is pounding...
	Narrator	I nervously take another chocolate between my fingers.
	Narrator	But this time, Yuri's eyes meet mine.
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	How did it even come to this...?
	Narrator	Yuri doesn't avert her gaze.
	Narrator	I notice her chest rising and falling to the rhythm of her breaths.
	Narrator	I raise my arm...
	Yuri	Ah...
	Narrator	Like before, Yuri parts her lips.
	Narrator	But...it's different this time.
	Narrator	I take the chocolate and place it in her mouth.
	Narrator	I feel her hot breath on my fingers.
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	MC	Uwa--
	Yuri	A-Ah!
	Narrator	Yuri jolts back.
	Monika	It's time to share poems!
	Monika	[player], you can help Yuri put away the tea stuff, right?
	MC	Y-Yeah...of course.
	Monika	Okay, thanks!
	Narrator	The spell is abruptly broken.
	Yuri	I'll...
	Yuri	I'll take care of the cups...
	MC	Yeah...
	Narrator	Yuri picks up the teacups from the floor.
	Narrator	I pick up the bag of chocolates.
	Narrator	In the end, we hastily clean up without so much as a word between us.
	Narrator	I get the feeling this is something neither of us will have the courage to bring up...
