	Monika	Aw, man...
	Monika	I'm the last one here again!
	MC	Don't worry, I just walked in too.
	Yuri	Were you practicing piano again?
	Monika	Yeah...
	Monika	Ahaha...
	Yuri	You must have a lot of determination.
	Yuri	Starting this club, and now picking up piano...
	Monika	Well, maybe not determination...
	Monika	But I guess passion.
	Monika	Remember that the club wouldn't be here if it wasn't for all of you.
	Monika	And I'm super happy that you're all willing to help out for the festival, too!
	Natsuki	Aaah, I can't wait for the festival!
	Natsuki	It's gonna be great!
	Monika	Eh?
	Monika	Weren't you complaining about it just yesterday, Natsuki?
	Natsuki	Well, yeah.
	Natsuki	I'm not talking about {i}our{/i} part of the festival.
	Natsuki	But it's a whole day of school where we get to play and eat all kinds of delicious food!
	MC	You sound a bit like Sayori all of a sudden...
	Natsuki	Monika! Do they usually have fried squid?
	Monika	Squid...?
	Monika	That's a pretty specific thing to look forward to...
	Natsuki	Oh, come on.
	Natsuki	Are you saying you don't like squid?
	Natsuki	You, of all people?
	Monika	Eh? I didn't say I don't like it.
	Monika	Besides, what do you mean by 'you of all people'?
	Natsuki	Because!
	Natsuki	It's right in your name!
	Natsuki	Mon-ika!
	Monika	Eh?!
	Monika	That's not how you say my name at all!
	Monika	Also, that joke makes no sense in translation!
	Natsuki	...?
	Monika	Ah...never mind!
	Monika	Let's just focus on our own event for now, okay?
	Natsuki	Ehehe.
	Natsuki	Fine, fine.
	Natsuki	Your reactions aren't as fun as Yuri's or Sayori's, anyway.
	Yuri	Excuse me...
	MC	Where is Sayori, anyway...?
	MC	Oh, there you are.
	Narrator	Sayori is sitting at a desk in the corner of the room, looking down at nothing.
	Narrator	I walk over to her.
	MC	Hey, Sayori.
	Narrator	I wave my hand in front of her face.
	Sayori	Eh--?
	MC	You're spacing out again.
	Sayori	A-Ah...
	Sayori	Ehehe, sorry...
	Sayori	Don't mind me.
	Sayori	You can go talk to everyone else.
	MC	Huh...
	MC	Is everything alright?
	Sayori	O-Of course!
	Sayori	Why wouldn't it be?
	MC	It just feels like you're a little off...
	MC	Sorry for assuming things.
	Sayori	Jeez, you worry too much about me.
	Sayori	I'm fine, see?
	Narrator	Sayori shows me a big smile.
	Sayori	Don't let me distract you from having fun with everyone.
	MC	Well...alright.
	MC	If you say so.
	Narrator	I worriedly glance at Sayori before turning back toward everyone else.
	Narrator	But the conversation has already dispersed, with everyone back at their usual activities.
	Narrator	Maybe I should ask Monika if she's noticed anything about Sayori recently...
	Narrator	Since they've been preparing for the festival, they must be spending a lot of time together.
	Narrator	I timidly approach Monika, who is shuffling through some papers at her desk.
	Monika	[player]! What's up?
	MC	Hey, this might sound a little strange, but...
	MC	Have you noticed anything up with Sayori recently?
	Monika	Anything up with her...?
	Monika	In what way do you mean?
	MC	Maybe I'm reading into it a little too much, but she seems a bit downcast today...
	Monika	Oh? You think so?
	Monika	I can't say I've noticed anything about her...
	Narrator	Monika peers across the room at Sayori, who is idly dragging a rubber eraser up and down her desk.
	Monika	Maybe there is something on her mind...
	Monika	But I'm surprised I'm not the one asking you, [player].
	Monika	You certainly know her a lot better than I do.
	MC	Yeah, but she's never really like this...
	MC	She's always talked to me about things that bothered her.
	MC	But this time, when I asked her, she was really dismissive.
	MC	...Sorry, I know it's not your problem!
	MC	I just wanted to ask if you knew anything, so I'll drop it now...
	Monika	No, no...
	Monika	It's important to me, too.
	Monika	I mean, I'm also friends with her...
	Monika	And I also care about the well-being of my club members, you know?
	Monika	Maybe I'll try talking to her myself...
	MC	Eh? Are you sure about that...?
	MC	She seemed like she wanted to be left alone...
	Monika	Are you sure?
	Monika	Maybe she just has a hard time bringing it up with the person of interest...
	MC	Person of interest...?
	MC	What do you mean by that?
	Monika	I'm saying that maybe the thing on her mind is you, [player].
	MC	Me...?
	MC	How on Earth would you come to that conclusion?
	Monika	Well...
	Monika	I probably shouldn't say too much, but...
	Monika	Sayori talks about you more than anything else, you know?
	MC	Eh...?
	Monika	She's been so much happier ever since you've joined the club.
	Monika	It's like an extra light was turned on inside of her.
	MC	What?
	MC	No way...
	MC	Sayori...is always like that.
	MC	She's always been full of sunshine.
	MC	It's not any different now than it always has been.
	Monika	Ehehe.
	Monika	You're so funny, [player].
	Monika	Have you thought that maybe you've always seen her as so cheerful...
	Monika	...because that's just how she is when she's around you?
	MC	...
	Monika	Ah...I said too much.
	Monika	I'm sorry...what do I know, anyway?
	Monika	I didn't mean to jump to conclusions, so you should just forget about what I said.
	Monika	I'll try to talk to her, so try not to think about it for now.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	Alright...
	Narrator	Monika smiles meaningfully.
	Narrator	I know she said to forget about it...
	Narrator	But I already know that I won't be able to get her words out of my head.
	Narrator	Monika stands up from her desk and walks across the room to where Sayori is sitting.
	Narrator	I watch her kneel down next to Sayori and gently talk to her.
	Narrator	But she's keeping her voice so quiet that I can't hear her from here.
	Narrator	I sigh and sit myself down.
	Narrator	I know Sayori told me not to worry about her, and to have fun with everyone else...
	Narrator	But that's impossible to do when she's behaving like this.
	Narrator	Exactly how much do I care about her, that I'm letting this weigh me down so much?
	Narrator	Now it feels like I'm the one behaving out of the ordinary...
	Narrator	But there's nothing I can do besides wait for Monika.
	Narrator	natsuki
	Narrator	yuri
	Narrator	natsuki
	Narrator	yuri
	Natsuki	Hey, you.
	MC	Eh?
	Narrator	I look up to see Natsuki next to me.
	Natsuki	Are you just gonna sit there and keep staring at nothing?
	Natsuki	There isn't that much time, so...
	MC	Ah, sorry.
	MC	I didn't mean to make you worry or anything.
	Natsuki	I-It's not like I'm worried!
	Natsuki	I was just...
	Narrator	Natsuki glances down at her side.
	Narrator	She's holding a volume of manga in her hand.
	MC	That's right...
	MC	Something just came up for a minute, but we can get started now.
	MC	I won't make you wait any longer.
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	Now you're making me feel like a jerk.
	Natsuki	If something's bothering you, then you can just tell me to leave you alone, and I will.
	Natsuki	I mean...
	Natsuki	Assuming you didn't feel like talking about it or anything...
	Narrator	She practically mumbles that last part.
	MC	Nah...I'm probably making it seem like a bigger deal than it is.
	MC	I've just been thinking about Sayori, that's all.
	Natsuki	S-Sayori...?
	Natsuki	Thinking about her...?
	MC	Yeah, she seems pretty down today.
	MC	But she didn't want to admit it to me.
	MC	So I can't help but wonder if something happened to her.
	Natsuki	Oh...
	Narrator	Natsuki exhales.
	Natsuki	Well, first of all...
	Natsuki	You should really work on your phrasing!
	Natsuki	But anyway...
	Natsuki	You're her best friend, right?
	MC	Yeah, I guess so...
	Natsuki	Yeah.
	Natsuki	Then in that case, I think you should trust her a little more.
	Natsuki	If she needed you, then you would be the first person she would go to, right?
	MC	Well... I guess that's true.
	Natsuki	I mean, some people just have those days.
	Natsuki	You can't always avoid it.
	Natsuki	If anything, she probably doesn't want you to worry about her because it's not important.
	MC	Yeah, that's kind of what she said to me...
	MC	Maybe it's not right for me to go against her wishes.
	Natsuki	Exactly.
	Natsuki	If she needs you to worry about her, then it'll be a lot more obvious.
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	I should have thought of it that way from the start.
	Narrator	Natsuki fiddles with the book she's holding in her hands.
	Natsuki	She...
	Natsuki	She really means a lot to you, doesn't she...?
	MC	Ah--
	MC	Don't get the wrong idea or anything...!
	MC	We've just been friends for a long time.
	MC	It's normal to be worried about your friends.
	MC	I mean, you were worried about me, so--
	Natsuki	I was not!!
	Natsuki	Jeez...if you're fine, then let's hurry and get started already!
	MC	Yeah, yeah...
	Narrator	natsuki
	Narrator	Why does it feel like I'm being watched...?
	Narrator	I glance around the room.
	Narrator	Suddenly, I notice Yuri peering at me from over her book.
	Narrator	But she looks away just as quickly with a flustered look on her face.
	Narrator	I realize that she won't get anywhere like this.
	Narrator	I've never really seen Yuri approach anyone or start a conversation on her own accord.
	Narrator	So, I have no choice but to approach her myself.
	Narrator	By now, it's a little easier for me to do that.
	Narrator	I stand up from my desk and sit in one next to her own.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	I...didn't mean to bother you or anything...
	MC	Relax, you didn't even do anything.
	Yuri	But...
	Yuri	I could tell that you wanted to be alone with your thoughts...
	MC	Alone with my thoughts...?
	MC	How were you even able to tell that I was thinking like that?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	It's something that I do a lot...
	Yuri	So it wasn't hard for me to spot based on your posture and expression.
	Yuri	N-Not that I was staring or anything...!
	Yuri	I didn't do anything creepy like that...!
	MC	In any case, I guess you were right.
	MC	I'm sorry if I caused you any concern.
	Yuri	Don't apologize...
	Yuri	Your troubles are only the concern of those who willingly share in that concern.
	Yuri	Of course, there are certainly those who find the most comfort in keeping to themselves...
	Yuri	But if you would prefer to share what's on your mind, then I would be glad to listen.
	MC	Ah, it's really not that big of a deal...
	MC	I was just feeling a bit uneasy about Sayori.
	Yuri	Sayori...?
	MC	Yeah...she seems a little off today, but when I asked her about it, she didn't want to admit it to me.
	MC	So I can't help but wonder if something happened to her.
	Yuri	Oh?
	Yuri	That's quite romantic...
	MC	Eh...?
	Yuri	S-Sorry!
	Yuri	I didn't mean to say something stupid...!
	MC	It's not that, I just didn't want you to misunderstand.
	MC	Sayori and I have just been friends for a long time, that's all.
	Yuri	Ah...I see...
	Yuri	Then perhaps it is unusual for her to be dismissive to you about her feelings...
	MC	Or maybe I'm just reading into it a little too much...
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	The world is full of meaning, often hidden deep beneath plain sight.
	Yuri	And there are many untold mysteries behind every person, no matter how well you may know them.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	So you think that there might be something behind it after all?
	Yuri	Mm...
	Yuri	I think that Sayori is a very complex person.
	Yuri	Her mannerisms on the outside don't always match what may be going on inside her head...
	Yuri	And she may not always know what she wants.
	Yuri	I noticed her strange behavior today, too...
	Yuri	And I also feel some concern for her.
	Yuri	But in your case, it looked like she was fully occupying your thoughts, wasn't she?
	MC	Well...
	MC	I guess that was the case.
	Yuri	Sayori...
	Yuri	She really...means a lot to you, doesn't she?
	MC	Ah--I...I guess...
	MC	But you don't need to put it that way!
	MC	We're just good friends, that's all...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri suddenly looks deeply into my eyes.
	Narrator	Her expression is gentle and curious, as if she was searching for something.
	Narrator	Embarrassed, I avert my gaze.
	Yuri	Sometimes...
	Yuri	A person's mysteries are untold even to themselves.
	Yuri	And you, as someone honest and caring...
	Yuri	May uncover feelings you weren't aware were in you.
	Yuri	T-That is...
	Yuri	I think that...
	Yuri	She would be a very fortunate person...
	Yuri	To have you...feel that way about her.
	MC	Yuri...
	MC	You're giving me too much credit.
	MC	I'm a pretty simple guy.
	MC	So I think I'm pretty good at understanding my own feelings.
	MC	I'm not nearly as sophisticated as you.
	Yuri	A-Ah...
	Yuri	That's not...a compliment, is it?
	MC	It is what it is.
	MC	Anyway, as long as we're here, why don't we do some reading?
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	As long as you're okay with it.
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	I should be taking my mind off this whole thing anyway.
	Narrator	yuri
	Narrator	...
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Narrator	After some time passes, Monika calls out to the clubroom.
	Monika	Why don't we share our poems now?
	Narrator	Before I know it, everything is back to normal.
	Narrator	Everyone goes to retrieve their poems, and I do the same.
	Narrator	I make eye contact with Monika, and she smiles at me.
	Narrator	I wonder what she was talking about with Sayori...
	Monika	...Okay, you three!
	Monika	We're all done sharing poems, right?
	Monika	Why don't we start figuring out--
	Natsuki	Hold on a second!
	Natsuki	Is it just me, or did you say something strange just now?
	Monika	Eh...?
	Yuri	Something did sound a bit unusual...
	Yuri	That's right.
	Yuri	You deviated from your usual catchphrase when addressing the club.
	Monika	C-Catchphrase?
	Monika	I don't have a catchphrase...
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	Why is the mood so weird today?
	Natsuki	Look, even Yuri isn't immune to it.
	Yuri	Uu...
	Yuri	Stagnating air is common foreshadowing that something terrible is about to happen...
	MC	In {i}your{/i} books, maybe!
	MC	Look, the only thing different is that Sayori isn't here.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	...It seems you're right.
	Monika	Sigh...
	Monika	Sayori always helps lighten the mood a little bit, doesn't she?
	Monika	It's almost like everyone's balance is thrown off a little when she's not around...
	Natsuki	Where the heck did she run off to, anyway?
	Natsuki	I thought she just went to pee.
	Yuri	Natsuki, please show some decency...
	Natsuki	Oh, come on.
	MC	Ah, she actually wasn't feeling too well and went home early...
	Yuri	Is that so...?
	Yuri	I hope she's alright...
	Natsuki	Seriously?
	Natsuki	Of all the times to not go home with her, you pick the time she's not feeling well?
	Natsuki	So much for you two being all lovey-dovey.
	MC	Ah--no!
	MC	First of all, stop misunderstanding my friendship with Sayori!
	MC	And second...
	MC	She's kind of been avoiding me today, so I didn't want to force it...
	Yuri	Hooooh?
	MC	{i}That curious expression coming from Yuri, of all people??{/i}
	Monika	Calm down, guys...!
	Monika	I talked to her earlier, and everything is fine.
	MC	What did she say...?
	Monika	Anyway, we need to figure out the rest of the festival preparations, so...
	Monika	Let's decide what everyone will be doing this weekend.
	Natsuki	I already know what {i}I'm{/i} doing!
	Monika	That's right.
	Monika	Natsuki will be making cupcakes.
	Monika	But we might need a lot of them, and different flavors...
	Monika	Can you handle that all by yourself, Natsuki?
	Natsuki	Challenge accepted!
	Monika	And as for myself...
	Monika	I'm going to be printing and assembling all the poetry pamphlets.
	Monika	Sayori will be helping me design them.
	Monika	And as for Yuri...
	Monika	...
	Monika	Yuri, you can...
	Monika	Ah... Um...
	Natsuki	...?
	Monika	Guys...
	Monika	Can you help me come up with something for Yuri...?
	Yuri	I...
	Yuri	I'm useless...
	Monika	N-No!
	Monika	That's not it at all!
	Monika	You're the most talented person here, you know!
	Natsuki	...
	Monika	N-Now Natsuki's pouting, too??
	MC	Jeez, even I can tell now...
	MC	I guess I never gave Sayori enough credit, but I can tell things are even harder on you when she's not around.
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	That may be the case...
	Monika	But if I can't also be a leader on my own, then I won't grow as a person.
	Monika	So, Yuri...!
	Monika	You have beautiful handwriting, you know?
	Monika	So you should make some banners and decorations to help set the atmosphere.
	Yuri	Atmosphere...?
	Yuri	Um, about that...
	Yuri	I...
	Yuri	I love atmosphere!
	Narrator	Yuri's expression suddenly changes as she stares at her desk in focus and starts nodding to herself.
	MC	Your mind is already racing, I see...
	Monika	That's great!
	Monika	You'll be a wonderful help, Yuri.
	Monika	But anyway...
	Monika	That just leaves you, [player].
	MC	The one who is truly useless.
	Monika	Ahaha! Don't say that.
	Monika	In fact...
	Monika	Both Natsuki and Yuri have some pretty heavy tasks to handle.
	Monika	It would probably go a long way to give one of them a hand.
	Monika	You could always help me out, as well...
	Monika	I would be really appreciative of that.
	MC	Ah--
	MC	That's...
	Narrator	Is Monika suggesting I spend the weekend with one of my club members?
	Narrator	How on Earth are they going to respond to a suggestion like that...?
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	I...suppose I wouldn't mind a bit of help...
	Natsuki	Well, even if you don't know how to bake, there's always some dirty work I could give to you.
	Natsuki	It's not like Monika's going to give me a choice, and you shouldn't be sitting on your butt anyway...
	Narrator	Natsuki tries to mumble a bunch of excuses like that.
	Yuri	Um...
	Yuri	If I recall, Natsuki...
	Yuri	You mentioned that you would like to handle the baking on your own.
	Yuri	[player] may not like to be around if you only make him out to be a nuisance...
	Yuri	So therefore...
	Yuri	He may be more suited to assisting with the decorations.
	Natsuki	Hold on! I never said that!
	Natsuki	How hard could it be to make a few decorations, anyway?
	Natsuki	Sounds more like you're just making excuses for [player] to--
	Yuri	W-What are you saying?!
	Yuri	It will be extremely meticulous work...
	Natsuki	And baking isn't?
	Natsuki	Just what do you think--
	Monika	Guys, guys!
	Monika	Let's settle down for a moment...
	Monika	In the end, I think it's up to [player] to decide how he'd like to contribute.
	Monika	Besides...
	Monika	He hasn't really gotten the chance to spend any time with me yet, you know?
	Monika	So I'm sure he's interested in--
	Natsuki	You {i}literally{/i} just said--
	Yuri	I-I'm surprised as well!
	Monika	Sorry, sorry!
	Monika	I was just saying, though...
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	Can we just settle this already?
	Monika	Yeah...
	Monika	[player], you're okay with this, right?
	Monika	In the end, it's up to you.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	Of course.
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Yuri	Very well...
	Monika	In that case...
	Narrator	Everyone looks straight at me.
	Narrator	But of course, I'm going to go with--
	Narrator	Natsuki.
	Narrator	Yuri.
	Narrator	Monika.
	Narrator	Sayori...
	Narrator	I can't believe this!
	Narrator	[ch4_name] is going to be coming to my house on Sunday...?
	Narrator	Even though I would have preferred to do this with Sayori...
	Narrator	My anxiety still shoots through the roof.
	Narrator	I guess I've gotten pretty used to handling her at this point...
	Narrator	But who knows what might end up happening when we're outside of school?
	Narrator	She even told me she was looking forward to it...
	Narrator	I shake my head.
	Narrator	Why do I feel nervous that Sayori finds out about this?
	Narrator	It's not like we feel {i}that{/i} way about each other...
	Narrator	Besides, like Monika said, this is about the club.
	Narrator	I have nothing to worry about.
	Narrator	If I just go with it, then I'll have a good time.
	Narrator	My anxiety shoots through the roof.
	Narrator	Even though I've gotten pretty used to handling her at this point...
	Narrator	There's no telling what might end up happening when we're outside of school.
	Narrator	More than that...she told me that she was looking forward to it.
	Narrator	Is this the chance I have to make something happen between us?
	Narrator	...Or is it too early for that?
	Narrator	Only time will tell...
	Narrator	But until then, I won't be able to take my mind off it.
	Narrator	I seriously can't wait!
	MC	I mean...
	MC	If it's going to be anyone, then I prefer helping Sayori.
	MC	I mean, we're already neighbors, and--
	Yuri	But Monika said--
	Natsuki	Monika said that Sayori was helping her!
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	Do you really hate us that much?
	MC	N-No!
	Monika	Sorry, I didn't mean for this to be difficult...
	Monika	Just think of the club, okay?
	Narrator	Natsuki.
	Narrator	Yuri.
	Narrator	Monika.
	MC	Well, I guess I should probably be helping Monika...
	Monika	Yay, you picked me!
	Natsuki	Hold on one second!
	Yuri	Y-Yeah!
	Natsuki	Monika, you're the one who needs the least help out of all of us!
	Monika	Eh? But...
	Yuri	I agree with Natsuki.
	Yuri	Not only is your work already most suitable for one person...
	Yuri	But you already have Sayori as well.
	Monika	But [player] was the one who...
	Monika	Ah...
	Natsuki	That doesn't matter.
	Natsuki	You were the one who scared him into picking you in the first place.
	Natsuki	You're the club president, Monika.
	Natsuki	You're supposed to make responsible decisions for the club!
	Yuri	Monika, you shouldn't let any ulterior motives interfere with this decision.
	Monika	Ulterior motives?
	Monika	W-What are you saying, Yuri?
	Monika	In fact, it sounds like you guys are the ones with ulterior motives!
	Natsuki	{i}Excuse{/i} me?
	Monika	Otherwise...this wouldn't have been made into such a big deal in the first place!
	Yuri	That's...completely false, Monika!
	Natsuki	Yeah!
	Natsuki	We have a lot of work to do, you know!
	Natsuki	We won't do as good of a job if you make us work alone.
	Monika	Ah...maybe...that's true...
	Yuri	Think of the club, Monika...
	Yuri	If we want our event to succeed, then we need to appropriately distribute our resources.
	Monika	Um...
	Monika	Ah...
	Natsuki	So are you going to do the right thing, {i}President{/i}?
	Monika	Okay, okay!
	Monika	I get it!
	Monika	Sigh...
	Monika	It's...technically most logical for [player] to help one of you two.
	Monika	So...
	Monika	I guess...that's what we'll do.
	Monika	Do you have a preference, [player]?
	Narrator	Natsuki.
	Narrator	Yuri.
	Narrator	Sayori...
	Narrator	natsuki
	MC	Well, baking sounds like it could be fun...
	MC	And you guys made it sound like a lot of work, so it could probably use two people.
	Natsuki	Don't worry!
	Natsuki	Baking is a ton of fun!
	Natsuki	You'll definitely agree!
	Monika	Eh?
	Monika	Just a minute ago you were saying that--
	Natsuki	Th-That's because--!
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Never mind, okay?
	Monika	Well, anyway...
	Monika	You'll be fine by yourself, right, Yuri?
	Yuri	Of course.
	Yuri	I'm used to it, after all...
	Monika	...
	MC	...
	Monika	That's...good...
	Narrator	Even though Yuri is being melodramatic, it's a little hard to not feel bad...
	Natsuki	So, that's everything, right?
	Natsuki	Anything else we need to talk about?
	Monika	No, I think that's it...
	Monika	Are you guys excited?
	Natsuki	Yes!
	Natsuki	Everything except the performance is gonna be awesome!
	MC	I don't think that really counts...
	Monika	What about you, [player]?
	MC	Me?
	MC	Ah, I guess you could say I'm interested to see how it'll turn out...
	Monika	That's good enough for me!
	Monika	What about you, Yuri?
	Monika	...Yuri?
	Natsuki	She's still sulking.
	Yuri	...
	Natsuki	...
	Narrator	Natsuki starts pouting, too.
	Natsuki	It's not...
	Natsuki	I mean, it's not that big of a deal or anything...
	MC	Well, it might not be just that...
	Natsuki	...?
	MC	I think that Yuri might just be feeling a little underappreciated in general.
	MC	Having to come up with something for her to do, and then nobody offering to help.
	Natsuki	That doesn't mean...
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	Uu...
	Narrator	Natsuki glances back and forth between everyone with a worried expression.
	Natsuki	Look...
	Narrator	Natsuki goes over and puts her hands down on Yuri's shoulders.
	Natsuki	Yuri.
	Natsuki	You really are the most talented one here.
	Natsuki	And...
	Natsuki	And you're going to help make the event a lot more fun and welcoming.
	Natsuki	I mean, the cupcakes will probably help a lot too...
	Natsuki	But you're gonna make the atmosphere special.
	Natsuki	That'll be really important for the way that people feel during the performances.
	Natsuki	So...
	Natsuki	You need to stop being dumb and give yourself a little more credit!
	Narrator	Natsuki releases her hands and turns around to face the other direction.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	You didn't...really mean that, did you?
	Natsuki	Um...
	Natsuki	N-Not really, but...
	Narrator	Yuri isn't the only one surprised.
	Narrator	Monika and I are also taken aback by Natsuki's words.
	Narrator	Natsuki, of all people, to be saying such encouraging things.
	Narrator	But I begin to understand.
	Narrator	Natsuki was trying to sound like Sayori.
	Narrator	Even if it didn't work perfectly, I can tell that she tried to say something Sayori would say at a time like this.
	Narrator	Because Sayori always helps everyone smile and feel good about themselves.
	Yuri	I'm sorry...for being dumb.
	Yuri	I'm going to do my best.
	Yuri	And all of us are going to make it a really great event.
	Natsuki	Yeah.
	Monika	Yeah!
	Monika	I hope to see everyone do their best.
	Monika	But with that...
	Monika	There's nothing more for today.
	Monika	So I guess it's time for us to head out.
	Natsuki	Okay, but I'm staying here a bit longer.
	Natsuki	I barely got to do any reading today, so...
	Monika	Fair enough, there's nothing wrong with that.
	Narrator	Everyone packs up their things.
	Narrator	I start to follow Monika and Yuri out the door as they chat between each other.
	Natsuki	Um, where are you going?
	MC	Eh...?
	Natsuki	We still need to figure out our plans for this weekend.
	Natsuki	You literally would've gotten home and realized that you didn't even have a way to contact me.
	MC	Oh, that's true...
	MC	I have no idea how that slipped my mind.
	Natsuki	Jeez, good thing I stopped you.
	Natsuki	I'm giving you my number, okay?
	Natsuki	You'd better not make it weird or anything!
	MC	Why would I do that...?
	Natsuki	Hmph...
	Narrator	Natsuki gives me her number.
	Natsuki	Okay...
	Natsuki	I'm coming over on Sunday.
	Natsuki	I'll bring all the ingredients.
	MC	Wait!
	MC	You're coming to {i}my{/i} house?
	Natsuki	Well, yeah.
	Natsuki	What's wrong with that?
	MC	I mean...
	MC	I just figured that since I'm the one helping, I would be going to your house...
	Natsuki	Yeah, right.
	Natsuki	Like I could have a guy over my house...
	Natsuki	My dad would kill me.
	MC	Really?
	MC	That's kinda strict, if you ask me.
	Natsuki	Yeah, how do you think I feel?
	Natsuki	I can't do anything when my dad is home...
	Natsuki	Anyway...I just needed to complain for a second.
	Natsuki	We have each other's numbers now.
	Natsuki	That's all I needed from you.
	Natsuki	I guess I'll text you when I'm coming over.
	MC	Alright, fine by me.
	Natsuki	Yeah.
	Natsuki	I'm really gonna show you why I love baking so much.
	Natsuki	So you'd better look forward to it.
	MC	Oh?
	MC	Didn't you say you were just going to give me the dirty work?
	Natsuki	Well--!
	Natsuki	I was...just saying that.
	Natsuki	It's not like I could act like...in front of everyone...
	Natsuki	That I was looking forward to this.
	MC	Wait, really??
	Natsuki	Well, kind of!
	Natsuki	Just because...I never got to bake with someone else before.
	Natsuki	That's all it is, so...
	MC	Alright, I get it.
	MC	Sorry for overreacting.
	MC	Anyway, I'll be heading out now.
	MC	See you on Sunday.
	Natsuki	Ah--
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Never mind.
	Narrator	yuri
	MC	Well, I'll probably be most useful helping out Yuri...
	Yuri	M-Me...?
	Natsuki	Are you serious?
	Natsuki	Why would you--
	Monika	Natsuki.
	Monika	I can already tell you're about to say something mean.
	Natsuki	N-No...
	Natsuki	I was just saying--
	Natsuki	Ugh...
	Monika	So, you'll be helping Yuri then, [player]?
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	That's what I'm going to do.
	Yuri	I'm glad.
	Yuri	I have a bad habit of overthinking these sorts of things...
	Yuri	So I think your assistance will be very useful.
	Monika	That's great to hear.
	Monika	Natsuki, will you be able to handle the baking yourself?
	Natsuki	I mean, yeah.
	Natsuki	I already said I would be fine.
	Monika	Okay, okay...
	Narrator	Everyone can tell that Natsuki is feeling a little sour.
	MC	So...is that everything we needed to go over?
	Monika	Yeah, that should be about it.
	Monika	Are you guys excited?
	Yuri	Well, 'excited' may not be the right word...
	Yuri	But I suppose I'm looking forward to it a little bit.
	Monika	Do you feel the same way, [player]?
	MC	Me?
	MC	Ah, I guess you could say I'm interested to see how it'll turn out...
	Monika	That's good enough for me!
	Monika	What about you, Natsuki?
	Natsuki	...
	Yuri	Natsuki!
	Natsuki	What??
	Natsuki	Why is everyone yelling at me?
	Natsuki	I didn't even do anything...!
	Yuri	N-no--!
	Yuri	That's not what I meant at all!
	Yuri	A-Ah...
	Narrator	Yuri anxiously glances between everyone in the room.
	Yuri	I-I'm sorry for this!
	Yuri	I don't really know why [player] picked me...
	Yuri	And also...
	Yuri	Your cupcakes are the best cupcakes I've ever had!
	Yuri	They go really well with my tea!
	Yuri	And nothing that I do for the event will compare to that, so...
	Yuri	So...
	Natsuki	I get it, I get it.
	Natsuki	I'm kinda surprised, though...
	Yuri	W-Why?
	Natsuki	Um...
	Natsuki	Well, I'm the one acting immature...
	Natsuki	I already know that.
	Natsuki	But you're trying to cheer me up all of a sudden...
	Yuri	I-I know I'm not very good at it...
	Yuri	I'm sorry if I said something bad!
	Narrator	Natsuki isn't the only one surprised.
	Narrator	Monika and I are also taken aback by Yuri's words.
	Narrator	When she already has trouble with words, trying to cheer someone up must be far out of her own comfort zone.
	Narrator	But I begin to understand.
	Narrator	Yuri was trying to sound like Sayori.
	Narrator	Even if it didn't work perfectly, I can tell that she tried to say something Sayori would say at a time like this.
	Narrator	Because Sayori always helps everyone smile and feel good about themselves.
	Natsuki	No...
	Natsuki	I kinda appreciated it.
	Natsuki	I'm sorry...for making a big deal out of nothing.
	Natsuki	But I'm going to say this.
	Yuri	...?
	Natsuki	You better bet that my cupcakes are going to be the best part of the whole event!
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	...I believe you.
	Monika	Yeah!
	Monika	I hope to see everyone do their best.
	Monika	But with that...
	Monika	There's nothing more for today.
	Monika	So I guess it's time for us to head out.
	Natsuki	Alright, let's get out of here, then.
	Narrator	Everyone packs up their things.
	Narrator	I start to follow Monika and Natsuki out the door as they chat between each other.
	Yuri	U-Um--!
	MC	Eh?
	Narrator	I turn around.
	Yuri	Sorry...
	Yuri	I realized that I don't have any way of contacting you this weekend...
	MC	Oh, you're right.
	MC	I can't believe that slipped my mind.
	MC	Should I give you my phone number?
	Yuri	I think...that would be the best way, yes.
	MC	Alright, then...
	Narrator	Yuri and I exchange phone numbers.
	Yuri	Okay.
	Yuri	Then, I'll be stopping by your house on Sunday...
	MC	Eh?
	MC	My house?
	Yuri	I-Is that a problem...?
	MC	No, not at all...
	MC	I just thought that I would be the one going to your house, since I'm the one helping you.
	Yuri	Ah, I suppose that makes sense...
	Yuri	But, if you don't mind...
	Yuri	I think I would prefer going to your house.
	MC	Alright.
	MC	In that case, it won't be a problem.
	Narrator	I decide not to press Yuri for a reason.
	Narrator	It's not like it should matter much either way, so I'll just need to make sure my room is clean.
	MC	I hope I manage to make myself useful in some way...
	MC	I'm not nearly as creative as you are.
	Yuri	Don't underestimate yourself, [player].
	Yuri	I think that we'll make a very productive team.
	Yuri	Even if you only chose me because you felt bad or something...
	MC	Wait...!
	MC	You don't actually think that, do you?
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	I...don't know.
	Yuri	It's difficult to come up with any other reason you may have chosen me...
	MC	You're forgetting the one reason with the most common sense!
	MC	I chose to help you because that's what I want to do.
	Yuri	B-But...
	Narrator	Yuri thinks to herself with an extremely tense expression.
	MC	Yuri...you're overthinking this.
	MC	You wanted me to point out when you're overthinking, right?
	Yuri	Eh...?
	Yuri	I...didn't realize...
	MC	I'm telling you, I want to.
	MC	That's all there is to it.
	MC	Do you believe me?
	Yuri	I...
	Narrator	Yuri thinks really hard again.
	Narrator	She looks straight into my eyes for a long while.
	Yuri	...I believe you!
	Narrator	As if it took her tremendous effort, Yuri finally says that and relaxes her expression.
	Yuri	And I'm really looking forward to Sunday.
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	I am too.
	Narrator	After that exchange, I make my way out the door, and Yuri follows.
