	Narrator	#000
	Narrator	#000
	Narrator	#000
	Narrator	#000
	Narrator	#000
	Natsuki	Ugh...!
	Narrator	I hear Natsuki utter an exasperated sigh from within the closet.
	Narrator	She seems to be annoyed by something.
	Narrator	I approach her, in case she needs a hand.
	MC	You looking for something in there?
	Natsuki	fucking monikammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
	Narrator	Freaking Monika...
	Natsuki	She never puts my stuff back in the right spot!
	Natsuki	What's the point in keeping your collection organized if someone else is just gonna mess it up?
	Narrator	Natsuki slides a bunch of stacked books and boxes across the shelf.
	MC	Manga...
	Natsuki	You read manga, right?
	MC	Ah--
	MC	...Sometimes...
	Narrator	Manga is one of those things where you can't admit you're really into it until you figure out where the other person stands.
	MC	...How did you know, anyway?
	Natsuki	I heard you bring it up at some point.
	Natsuki	Besides, it's kind of written on your face.
	Narrator	What's that supposed to mean...?
	MC	I-I see...
	Narrator	There's a lone volume of manga amidst a stack of various books on the side of one of the shelves.
	Narrator	Curious, I pull it out of the stack.
	Natsuki	{i}There{/i} it is!
	Narrator	Natsuki snatches it out of my hand.
	Narrator	She then turns to a box of manga and slips the volume right into the middle of the rest.
	Natsuki	Aah, much better!
	Natsuki	Seeing a box set with one book missing is probably the most irritating sight in the world.
	MC	I know that feel...
	Narrator	I get a closer look at the box set she's admiring.
	MC	Parfait Girls...?
	Narrator	It's a series I've never heard of in my life.
	Narrator	That probably means it's either way out of my demographic, or it's simply terrible.
	Natsuki	If you're gonna judge, you can go do it through the glass on that door.
	Narrator	She points to the classroom door.
	MC	H-Hey, I wasn't judging anything...!
	MC	I didn't even say anything.
	Natsuki	It was the tone of your voice.
	Natsuki	But I'll tell you one thing, [player].
	Natsuki	Consider this a lesson straight from the Literature Club:{nw}
	Narrator	Consider this a lesson straight from the Literature Club: Don't judge a book by its cover!
	Natsuki	don't judge a bookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk kkkkk kk{space=20}k{space=40}k{space=120}k{space=160}k{space=200}k
	Natsuki	In fact--
	Narrator	Natsuki pulls out the first volume of Parfait Girls from the box.
	Natsuki	I'm gonna show you exactly why!
	Narrator	She shoves the book right into my hands.
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	I stare at the cover.
	Narrator	It features four girls in colorful attire striking animated feminine poses.
	Narrator	It's...exceedingly \"moe\".
	Natsuki	Don't just stand there!
	MC	Uwa--
	Narrator	Natsuki grabs my arm and pulls me out of the closet.
	Narrator	She then takes a seat against the wall, beneath the windowsills.
	Narrator	She pats on the ground next to her, signaling me to sit there.
	MC	Wouldn't chairs be more comfortable...?
	Narrator	I take my seat.
	Natsuki	Chairs wouldn't work.
	Natsuki	We can't read at the same time like that.
	MC	Eh? Why's that?
	MC	Ah...I guess it's easier to be close together like this...
	Natsuki	--!
	Natsuki	D-Don't just say that!
	Natsuki	You'll make me feel weird about it!
	Narrator	Natsuki crosses her arms and scootches an inch away from me.
	MC	Sorry...
	Narrator	I didn't exactly expect to be sitting this close to her, either...
	Narrator	Not that I can say it's a particularly bad thing.
	Narrator	I open the book.
	Narrator	It's only a few seconds before Natsuki once again inches closer, reclaiming the additional space while she hopes I won't notice.
	Narrator	I can feel her peering over my shoulder, much more eager to begin reading than I am.
	Natsuki	Wow, how long has it been since I read the beginning...?
	MC	Hm?
	MC	You don't go back and flip through the older volumes every now and then?
	Natsuki	Not really.
	Natsuki	Maybe sometimes after I've already finished the series.
	Natsuki	Hey, are you paying attention?
	MC	Uh...
	Narrator	I am, but nothing's really happened yet, so I can talk at the same time.
	Narrator	It looks like it's about a bunch of friends in high school.
	Narrator	Typical slice-of-life affair.
	Narrator	I kind of grew out of these, since it's rare for the writing to be entertaining enough to make up for the lack of plot.
	MC	...Are you sure this isn't boring for you?
	Natsuki	It's not!
	MC	Even though you're just watching me read?
	Natsuki	Well...!
	Natsuki	I'm...fine with that.
	MC	If you say so...
	MC	...I guess it's fun sharing something you like with someone else.
	MC	I always get excited when I convince any of my friends to pick up a series I enjoy.
	MC	You know what I mean?
	Natsuki	...?
	MC	Hm?
	MC	You don't?
	Natsuki	Um...
	Natsuki	That's not...
	Natsuki	Well, I wouldn't really know.
	MC	...What do you mean?
	MC	Don't you share your manga with your friends?
	Natsuki	Could you not rub it in?
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	MC	Ah... Sorry...
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Natsuki	Like I could ever get my friends to read this...
	Natsuki	They just think manga is for kids.
	Natsuki	I can't even bring it up without them being all like...
	Natsuki	'Eh? You still haven't grown out of that yet?'
	Natsuki	Makes me want to punch them in the face...
	MC	Urgh, I know those kinds of people...
	MC	Honestly, it takes a lot of effort to find friends who don't judge, much less friends who are also into it...
	MC	I'm already kind of a loser, so I guess I gravitated toward the other losers over time.
	MC	But it's probably harder for someone like you...
	Natsuki	Hm.
	Natsuki	Yeah, that's pretty accurate.
	Narrator	{i}...Wait, which part??{/i}
	Natsuki	I mean, I feel like I can't even keep it in my own room...
	Natsuki	My dad would beat the shit out of me if he found this.
	Narrator	I don't even know what my dad would do if he found this.
	Natsuki	At least it's safe here in the clubroom.
	Natsuki	'Cept Monika's kind of a jerk about it...
	Natsuki	Ugh! I just can't win, can I?
	MC	Well, it paid off in the end, didn't it?
	MC	I mean, here I am, reading it.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not like that solves any of my problems.
	MC	Maybe...
	MC	But at least you're enjoying yourself, right?
	Natsuki	--
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...So?
	MC	Ahaha.
	Natsuki	Jeez, that's enough!
	Natsuki	Are you gonna keep reading, or what?
	MC	Yeah, yeah...
	Narrator	I flip the page.
	Narrator	...
	Narrator	...
	Narrator	.....
	Narrator	.......
	Narrator	.........
	Narrator	Time passes.
	Narrator	Natsuki is strangely quiet now.
	Narrator	I glance over at her.
	Narrator	It looks like she's started to fall asleep.
	MC	Hey, Natsuki...
	Natsuki	Y-Yeah...?
	Narrator	Suddenly, Natsuki collapses straight into me.
	MC	H-Hey--
	Narrator	<from " + str(currentpos) + " loop 10.893>bgm/6g.ogg
	Natsuki	{color=#000}[ntext]{/color}
	Natsuki	{color=#000}[ntext]{/color}
	Monika	Oh jeez...
	Monika	Natsuki, are you okay?
	Natsuki	...
	Monika	Here...
	Narrator	Monika reaches into her bag and pulls out some kind of protein bar.
	Narrator	She throws it in Natsuki's direction.
	Narrator	Natsuki's eyes suddenly light up again.
	Narrator	She snatches the bar from the floor and immediately tears off the wrapper.
	Natsuki	I told you not to give mmph...
	Narrator	She doesn't even finish her sentence before stuffing it into her mouth.
	Monika	Don't worry, [player].
	Monika	She's fine.
	Monika	It just happens every now and then.
	Monika	That's why I always keep a snack in my bag for her.
	Monika	Anyway...!
	Monika	Why don't we all share poems now?
