	Narrator	#dadada
	Narrator	An exception has occurred.", size=40, style="_default
	Narrator	File \"game/script-ch5.rpy\", line 307\nSee traceback.txt for details.", size=20, style="_default
	Narrator	images/bg/splash-glitch.png
	Narrator	gui/menu_bg.png
	Narrator	gui/menu_bg.png
	Narrator	gui/menu_art_m.png
	Narrator	gui/menu_art_n.png
	Narrator	gui/menu_art_y.png
	Narrator	It's the day of the festival.
	Narrator	Of all days, I expected this to be the one where I'd be walking to school with Sayori.
	Narrator	But Sayori isn't answering her phone.
	Narrator	I considered going to her house to wake her up, but decided that's a little too much.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, the preparations for the event should be nearly complete.
	Narrator	natsuki
	Narrator	I managed to carry all the cupcakes myself by carefully stacking two trays.
	Narrator	Natsuki is already texting up a storm, but I can't respond, thanks to my hands being full.
	Narrator	The banner Yuri and I painted is dry, and I gently rolled it up to take with me.
	Narrator	She sent me a pleasant text reminding me not to forget anything, and I reassured her.
	Narrator	Funnily enough, I probably feel the same way as Natsuki about the event.
	Narrator	I'm more excited for it to be over so I can spend time with Sayori and [ch4_name] at the festival.
	Narrator	But knowing Monika, I'm sure the event will be great, too.
	Monika	[player]!
	Monika	You're the first one here.
	Monika	Thanks for being early!
	MC	That's funny, I thought at least Yuri would be here by now.
	Narrator	Monika is placing little booklets on each of the desks in the classroom.
	Narrator	They must be the ones she prepared that has all the poems we're performing.
	Narrator	In the end, I found a random poem online that I thought Monika would like, and submitted it.
	Narrator	So, that's the one I'll be performing.
	Monika	I'm surprised you didn't bring Sayori with you.
	MC	Yeah, she overslept again...
	MC	That dummy.
	MC	You'd think that on days this important, she'd try a little harder...
	Narrator	I say that, but I suddenly remember what Sayori told me yesterday...
	Narrator	And I suddenly feel awful, knowing it's not nearly that simple for her.
	Narrator	I only said it because it's the way I'm used to thinking.
	Narrator	But...
	Narrator	Maybe I should have gone to wake her up after all?
	Monika	Ahaha.
	Monika	You should take a little responsibility for her, [player]!
	Monika	I mean, especially after your exchange with her yesterday...
	Monika	You kind of left her hanging this morning, you know?
	MC	Exchange...?
	MC	Monika-- You know about that??
	Monika	Of course I do.
	Monika	I'm the club president, after all.
	MC	But--!
	Narrator	I stammer, embarrassed.
	Narrator	Did Sayori really tell her about it that quickly?
	Narrator	That we're...a couple now?
	Narrator	I didn't really plan on bringing it up with anyone yet...
	Narrator	About how I basically turned down her confession?
	Narrator	That makes me really seem like the bad guy here...
	Narrator	But I'm the one who knows what's best for her, right?
	MC	Jeez...
	MC	You don't know the full story at all, so...
	Monika	Don't worry.
	Monika	I probably know a lot more than you think.
	MC	Eh...?
	Narrator	Monika is being as friendly as usual, but for some reason I felt a chill down my spine after hearing that.
	Monika	Hey, do you want to check out the pamphlets?
	Monika	They came out really nice!
	MC	Yeah, sure.
	Narrator	I grab one of the pamphlets laid out on the desks.
	MC	Oh yeah, they really did.
	MC	Something like this will definitely help people take the club more seriously.
	Monika	Yeah, I thought so too!
	Narrator	I flip through the pages.
	Narrator	Each member's poem is neatly printed on its own page, giving it an almost professional feel.
	Narrator	I recognize Natsuki's and Yuri's poems from the ones they performed during our practice.
	MC	What's this...?
	Narrator	I flip to Sayori's poem.
	Narrator	It's different from the one she practiced.
	Narrator	It's one that I haven't read before...
	MC	Ah--
	Narrator	What is this...?
	Narrator	Reading the poem, I get a pit in my stomach.
	Monika	[player]?
	Monika	What's wrong?
	MC	Ah, nothing...
	Narrator	This poem feels completely different from everything else Sayori's written.
	Narrator	But more than that...
	MC	I-I changed my mind!
	MC	I'm going to go get Sayori, so...
	Monika	Ah--
	Monika	Well, alright!
	Monika	Try not to take too long, okay?
	Narrator	I quickly leave the classroom.
	Monika	Don't strain yourself~
	Narrator	Monika calls that out after me.
	Narrator	I quicken my pace.
	Narrator	What was I thinking?
	Narrator	I should have tried a little bit harder for Sayori.
	Narrator	It's not a big deal to at least wait for her, or help her wake up.
	Narrator	Even the simple gesture of walking her to school makes her really happy.
	Narrator	Besides...
	Narrator	I told her yesterday that things will be the same as they always have been.
	Narrator	That's all she needs, and what I want to give her.
	Narrator	I reach Sayori's house and knock on the door.
	Narrator	I don't expect an answer, since she's not picking up her phone, either.
	Narrator	Like yesterday, I open the door and let myself in.
	MC	Sayori?
	Narrator	She really is a heavy sleeper...
	Narrator	I swallow.
	Narrator	I can't believe I ended up doing this after all.
	Narrator	Waking her up in her own house...
	Narrator	That really is something that a boyfriend would do, isn't it?
	Narrator	Isn't that more like something a boyfriend would do?
	Narrator	In any case...
	Narrator	It just feels right.
	Narrator	Outside Sayori's room, I knock on her door.
	MC	Sayori?
	MC	Wake up, dummy...
	Narrator	There's no response.
	Narrator	I really didn't want to have to enter her room like this...
	Narrator	Isn't it kind of a breach of privacy?
	Narrator	But she really leaves me no choice.
	Narrator	I gently open the door.
	MC	{cps=30}.......Sayo--{/cps}{nw}
	Narrator	sayori
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Narrator	Oh jeez...I didn't break anything, did I? Hold on a sec, I can probably fix this...I think...\nActually, you know what? This would probably be a lot easier if I just deleted her. She's the one who's making this so difficult. Ahaha! Well, here's goes nothing.
	Narrator	...
	Narrator	What the hell...?
	Narrator	{i}What the hell??{/i}
	Narrator	Is this a nightmare?
	Narrator	It...has to be.
	Narrator	This isn't real.
	Narrator	There's no way this can be real.
	Narrator	Sayori wouldn't do this.
	Narrator	Everything was normal up until a few days ago.
	Narrator	That's why I can't believe what my eyes are showing me...!
	Narrator	I suppress the urge to vomit.
	Narrator	Just yesterday...
	Narrator	I told Sayori I would be there for her.
	Narrator	I told her I know what's best, and that everything will be okay.
	Narrator	Then why...?
	Narrator	Why would she do this...?
	Narrator	How could I be so helpless?
	Narrator	What did I do wrong?
	Narrator	Confessing to her...
	Narrator	I shouldn't have confessed to her.
	Narrator	That's not what Sayori needed at all.
	Narrator	She even told me how painful it is for others to care about her.
	Narrator	Then why did I confess to her, and make her feel even worse?
	Narrator	Turning down her confession...
	Narrator	That has to have been what pushed her over the edge.
	Narrator	Her agonized scream still echoes in my ears.
	Narrator	Why did I do that to her when she needed me the most?
	Narrator	Why was I so selfish?
	Narrator	This is my fault--!
	Narrator	My swarming thoughts keep telling me everything I could have done to prevent this.
	Narrator	If I just spent more time with her.
	Narrator	Walked her to school.
	Narrator	And remained friends with her, like it always has been...
	Narrator	And gave her what I know she wanted out of our relationship...
	Narrator	...Then I could have prevented this.
	Narrator	I know I could have prevented this!
	Narrator	Screw the Literature Club.
	Narrator	Screw the festival.
	Narrator	I just...lost my best friend.
	Narrator	Someone I grew up with.
	Narrator	She's gone forever now.
	Narrator	Nothing I do can bring her back.
	Narrator	This isn't some game where I can reset and try something different.
	Narrator	I had only one chance, and I wasn't careful enough.
	Narrator	And now I'll carry this guilt with me until I die.
	Narrator	Nothing in my life is worth more than hers...
	Narrator	But I still couldn't do what she needed from me.
	Narrator	And now...
	Narrator	I can never take it back.
	Narrator	Never.
	Narrator	Never.
	Narrator	Never.
	Narrator	Never.
	Narrator	Never...
