	Narrator	Man...
	Narrator	It looks like no one wants to be bothered today.
	Narrator	I slump down into the nearest desk.
	Narrator	How am I supposed to occupy myself with something literature-related by myself like this?
	Narrator	I guess I could always read some of the book Yuri gave me...
	Narrator	...But I'm feeling a little too tired to read.
	Narrator	I could probably fall asleep right now.
	Narrator	I close my eyes and end up listening in on Sayori's conversation with Monika.
	Sayori	We're probably gonna seem really lame compared to all the other clubs, though...
	Monika	Hmm...
	Monika	Well, we can't give up.
	Monika	The festival is our chance to show everyone what literature is all about!
	Monika	The problem is that the idea of a literature club sounds too dense and intellectual...
	Monika	But it's not like that at all, you know?
	Monika	We just need a way of showing that to everyone...
	Monika	Something that speaks to their creative minds.
	Sayori	Mmmmmmmmmmm.....
	Sayori	That doesn't solve the problem, though!
	Monika	Eh? What do you mean?
	Sayori	Even if we come up with the most fun thing ever...
	Sayori	Nobody will come in the first place if it's a literature event.
	Sayori	So it's more important to figure out how to get people to show up in the first place, you know?
	Sayori	And after they come, we can do the thing to speak to their creative minds.
	Narrator	...What's this?
	Narrator	Sayori is taking this really seriously.
	Narrator	It's rare to hear her deliberating like this.
	Monika	Huh, that's a good point...
	Monika	In that case, do you think food will do the trick?
	Sayori	W-What kind?!
	Monika	Ah... Well, I guess we could--
	Sayori	Cupcakes!
	Monika	Ahaha. Good thinking.
	Monika	Natsuki would love to do that.
	Sayori	Ah! You're right!
	Sayori	Natsuki makes the best cupcakes!
	Sayori	That works out perfectly~
	Monika	That wasn't why you suggested it...?
	Sayori	Cupcakes speak to my creative tummy~
	Monika	...
	Monika	Cupcakes it is, then.
	Sayori	I'm hungry...
	Monika	Anyway, we still need to work out the details of the event itself...
	Narrator	I find myself smiling.
	Narrator	In the end, Sayori is still her usual self.
	Narrator	But therein lies the unexpected reason I admire her.
	Narrator	Unlike me, who has trouble finding any motivation at all...
	Narrator	Sayori can put her mind to things and make them come to life.
	Narrator	I suppose that's why I end up letting her get on my case about things.
	Narrator	I can't help but wonder what it would be like to see the world through her eyes...
	MC	Uwaa--!
	Narrator	I open my eyes to find Sayori's face filling my vision.
	Narrator	I nearly fall out of my chair.
	Sayori	Ehehe, sorry~
	Sayori	Wait!
	Sayori	Actually, I'm not sorry at all!
	Sayori	It's your fault for sleeping like that!
	Sayori	This isn't the napping club!
	MC	Does our school have a napping club...?
	Sayori	You're staying up late again, aren't you?
	Sayori	Now that you're in a club, you're gonna have less time for anime, you know!
	Sayori	You'll need to get used to it!
	MC	Don't say that so loud...!
	Narrator	I glance over my shoulder to see if Monika overheard.
	Sayori	It's true, though...
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	I know, I know.
	MC	You're always looking out for me, Sayori.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	It's what I do best!
	MC	...That's a problem!
	MC	What about you?
	MC	You look out for me better than you look out for yourself.
	MC	You're still oversleeping every day, aren't you?
	Sayori	Eh?
	Sayori	N-Not every day!
	MC	That's not very convincing...
	MC	How many days this past week have you gotten up on time?
	Sayori	That's...
	Sayori	...It's a secret!
	MC	I knew it...
	Sayori	C'monnnn!
	Sayori	At least give me the benefit of the doubt...
	MC	I can't even do that.
	MC	Look, Sayori, it's written all over you.
	Sayori	Eh...?
	Narrator	Sayori glances around at herself.
	Sayori	How is it written all over me?
	MC	You were clearly in a rush this morning...
	MC	Look, your hair is sticking out all around here.
	Sayori	Ah--
	Narrator	I run my fingertips down the side of Sayori's hair, trying to straighten it out.
	MC	Man, you really need a brush for this...
	Sayori	My hair is just really hard to get right...
	MC	I won't fall for that.
	MC	There's more than just your hair.
	MC	Look, your bow isn't straight, either.
	MC	And there's a toothpaste stain on your collar right here.
	Narrator	I try to wipe off the stain with my finger.
	Sayori	B-But nobody would ever notice that...
	MC	Of course they would.
	MC	Nobody's gonna tell you about it because they don't want to embarrass you.
	MC	Fortunately, I really don't care about that.
	Sayori	Hey, you meanie...
	MC	And you don't even keep your blazer buttoned up.
	MC	Seriously, Sayori...
	MC	Why do you think you don't have a boyfriend yet?
	Sayori	Eh??
	Sayori	That's {i}super{/i} mean!
	MC	Sorry, but you'll thank me later...
	Narrator	I start to button her blazer from the bottom.
	MC	Once you see how much better it looks, you'll change your mind.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	This is so funny.
	MC	What is?
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	I was just thinking how weird it is to have a friend who does these kinds of things.
	MC	Eh?
	MC	D-Don't say that!
	MC	You'll make {i}me{/i} feel weird about it, stupid...
	Sayori	It's okay, though.
	Sayori	I'm happy we're like this.
	Sayori	Aren't you?
	MC	Ah--
	MC	I-I guess...
	Sayori	Hey, be careful...
	Sayori	The button might come off!
	MC	Why is this one so hard to close...?
	Narrator	I struggle to fully close the button near her chest.
	MC	Does this thing even fit you properly?
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	It did when I bought it.
	MC	Sigh...
	MC	If you ever buttoned it, you would have noticed sooner that it doesn't fit you anymore.
	MC	What are you smiling about?
	Sayori	It means my boobs got bigger again!
	MC	D-Don't say that out loud!!
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	MC	Anyway...
	MC	You look much better now, so...
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	...Why does it feel strange to see Sayori's blazer buttoned up like that?
	Sayori	But it's so stuffy...
	Sayori	Uuu...
	Sayori	It's not worth it at all!
	Narrator	Sayori hastily unbuttons her blazer once more.
	Sayori	Phew!
	Sayori	That's so much better~
	Narrator	Sayori puts her arms out and twirls around.
	Sayori	So if I keep it unbuttoned then I won't get a boyfriend, right?
	MC	What kind of logic is that?
	MC	And why are you saying that like it's a good thing?
	Sayori	Because...
	Sayori	...If I had a boyfriend, then he wouldn't even let you do things like this!
	Sayori	And you take care of me better than anyone else would, anyway...
	Sayori	So that's why I'm keeping it unbuttoned!
	MC	Stop saying all these embarrassing things!
	Sayori	Eh?
	Sayori	I didn't say anything embarrassing...
	MC	Jeez...
	MC	Well anyway, just focus on trying to wake up a little earlier...
	Sayori	Only if you focus on going to bed earlier!
	MC	Fine, fine...
	MC	It's a deal.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	I guess we really are better at taking care of each other than we are at taking care of ourselves.
	MC	Yeah, I guess so, huh...
	Sayori	So maybe you should come wake me up in the morning!
	MC	You're doing it again, Sayori...
	Sayori	Aw, but I was joking that time!
	MC	Man, it's impossible to tell with you sometimes.
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	MC	Eh?
	Narrator	Monika suddenly calls out.
	Monika	Why don't we share the poems we wrote now?
	Sayori	Yay~!
	Sayori	[player], I can't wait to read yours!
	MC	Yeah, same...
	Narrator	I fail to sound enthusiastic, but Sayori still trots away to retrieve her poem.
	Sayori	[player], [player]!
	Narrator	Sayori suddenly comes up to me.
	Sayori	I'm gonna go get some supplies from another classroom.
	Sayori	Want to come with me?
	MC	Supplies?
	MC	What for?
	Sayori	Well, you know how the festival is coming up?
	Sayori	Me and Monika were gonna make some posters and stuff.
	Sayori	So I need to go find some crayons, and markers, and glue sticks...
	MC	Ah, I see.
	MC	Sure, I'll go with you.
	Sayori	Yaay~
	Sayori	Okay Monika, we'll be back soon!
	Monika	Ah, are you going with [player] to get the supplies?
	Monika	There's no need to trouble yourself.
	Monika	I'd be happy to go with him.
	Sayori	Aw, but I wanted to go!
	Sayori	It's so much fun exploring empty classrooms and stuff!
	Monika	Hehe, okay, okay.
	Monika	It was just a suggestion.
	Monika	See if you can find poster paper too, okay?
	Sayori	Okaay~!
	Sayori	Ready, [player]?
	MC	Yep, let's go.
	Narrator	Sayori and I exit the clubroom.
	Narrator	I follow behind as Sayori hums and skips around the hallway.
	Narrator	Honestly...
	Narrator	It feels like I'm taking a kid to the mall or something.
	Narrator	Sayori finds pleasure in the simplest things sometimes.
	MC	Hey, Sayori...
	MC	What exactly are we doing for the festival, anyway?
	MC	I'm not sure how you would make an event out of literature...
	Sayori	Ehehe!
	Sayori	Me and Monika have it all planned out!
	Sayori	Don't you worry~
	MC	Is that so...?
	Sayori	Yup!
	Sayori	We're gonna do a poetry performance!
	MC	A performance...?
	MC	Of what kind?
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	Everyone is gonna take turns on stage...
	Sayori	And recite their favorite poems!
	MC	Ah...
	MC	That sounds...
	Narrator	...Kind of dull?
	Sayori	[player]!
	Sayori	You're not thinking about it the right way at all!
	Sayori	It's not just about reading poems...
	Sayori	It's about performing them!
	Sayori	Like, you say the lines of the poem like...
	Sayori	{i}Between my feet...{/i}
	Sayori	{i}The last remaining flower beckons to me.{/i}
	Sayori	{i}I twist the stem, freeing it from its clinging roots...{/i}
	Sayori	{i}Caressing the final joyous moment between my fingers.{/i}
	Sayori	{i}But to what ends have I summoned this joy?{/i}
	Sayori	{i}For now when I look in every direction...{/i}
	Sayori	{i}The once-prosperous field before me...{/i}
	Sayori	{i}Is but a barren wasteland!{/i}
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	Like that!!
	MC	Sayori...
	Narrator	How do I put this...
	MC	I'm sure it's just me, but it's impossible for me to take you seriously when you talk like that...
	Sayori	Ehhh?
	Sayori	You meanie!
	Sayori	I'm working super hard on this, you know!
	MC	Ah, I know, I know!
	MC	I just meant that it's a pretty unordinary contrast to your cute self.
	Sayori	Ahaha! Don't say that, it's embarrassing!
	Sayori	But I guess that means I'm doing a good job~
	MC	Yeah, I guess so...
	Sayori	Aaah, I'm so excited!
	Sayori	The festival is going to be so much fun~
	Narrator	Sayori spins herself around in the hallway again.
	Sayori	Hey, [player], this classroom over here is empty!
	Sayori	Let's begin the mission!
	MC	The mission, eh...?
	Narrator	It's been a long time since I've spent time with Sayori like this.
	Narrator	But in the end, she hasn't changed one bit.
	Narrator	She's nothing but a ball of sunshine, drawing happy vibes from the world around her.
	Narrator	It's a pretty nostalgic feeling for me.
	Narrator	As the years went by, I began to hole myself up in my room more and more.
	Narrator	So going adventuring with Sayori brings about a special sort of feeling I forgot I had in me.
	Narrator	The two of us enter the classroom.
	Narrator	Sayori heads straight to the closet, and I follow.
	Sayori	Let's see what we have in here...
	Sayori	...Crayons!!
	Narrator	Sayori pulls a box full of crayons off the shelf.
	Sayori	They're the best brand, too!
	Sayori	They're kind of dirty, though...
	Narrator	Sayori starts pulling various crayons out of the box, reading the color names.
	MC	Alright, that's one down.
	MC	Don't get distracted, we still need to find--
	Sayori	Wait, I'm looking for my favorite color...
	MC	Fine, fine...
	MC	Then at least move aside so I can look for the poster paper.
	Sayori	Ah, I dropped one by accident--
	Narrator	sfx/smack.ogg
	Narrator	{i}Smack!{/i}
	Sayori	Kya--!
	Narrator	Sayori bends over and smacks her forehead right into the shelf.
	Narrator	She falls to the floor, and the crayons spill all over her lap.
	Sayori	Owowowowow...
	MC	You okay?
	Sayori	My forehead...
	Narrator	Sayori clutches her forehead.
	MC	Jeez, Sayori...
	MC	That's just like you, isn't it?
	MC	C'mon, let me see.
	Narrator	Since Sayori is sitting on the floor, I grab her by the waist and pull her out of the closet.
	MC	You have to move your hands, Sayori...
	Sayori	But it hurts...
	MC	Just do it for a second.
	Narrator	Sayori slowly releases her hands from her forehead.
	Narrator	I gently brush her bangs to the side.
	Sayori	Ow--!
	MC	Sorry...
	Narrator	There's a huge red mark on the center of her forehead.
	Narrator	A bump is starting to form, as well.
	MC	Man, that's gonna swell up.
	MC	I should find you some ice...
	Sayori	[player]...
	MC	Where would I even find ice around this time...?
	MC	Ah, I guess a cold drink would do...
	Sayori	You don't have to--!
	Sayori	I'm fine with--looking like a unicorn--
	Narrator	Even wincing from the pain, Sayori makes a silly joke.
	MC	Ahaha, what are you saying?
	MC	I'll be right back, okay?
	Sayori	O-Okay...
	Narrator	I pat Sayori on the shoulder and run out into the hallway.
	Narrator	I locate the nearest vending machine.
	MC	What should I get...?
	Narrator	It doesn't really matter, since it will be used as an ice pack, rather than to drink.
	Narrator	But I know Sayori likes apple juice, so I purchase that one.
	Narrator	In just a moment, I'm already returning to the classroom where I left Sayori.
	Narrator	She has one palm on her forehead and is using the other hand to clumsily scoop crayons back into the box.
	Sayori	At least they were already in the wrong spots before I spilled them...
	MC	Sayori, here.
	Narrator	I hand Sayori the bottle of apple juice.
	Sayori	It's nice and cold...
	Narrator	Sayori opens the cap and starts drinking from it.
	MC	Sayori, what are you doing?!
	MC	It's for your forehead, idiot!
	Sayori	Ah--
	Sayori	Sorry, I forgot~
	Sayori	Ahahaha!
	MC	How hard did you hit your head...?
	Narrator	Sayori places the bottle against the bump on her head.
	Sayori	It stings...
	MC	Just bear with it, it'll feel better soon.
	MC	Looks like you cleaned up most of the crayons, so that's good.
	Sayori	Hey, [player]...
	Sayori	This kind of reminds you of growing up, doesn't it...?
	MC	Eh? What do you mean?
	Sayori	You know how we used to play outside all the time...
	Sayori	I would always try to keep up with you.
	Sayori	You were kind of oblivious in some ways...
	Sayori	Like I usually fell behind or had trouble climbing on the things you did...
	Sayori	But sometimes when I tried to do things I couldn't, I would get myself hurt.
	Sayori	I'd fall and scrape myself, or get a bump...
	Sayori	And I would start crying really hard.
	Sayori	Ahaha!
	Sayori	And you would rush over as quick as you could.
	Sayori	You would try really hard to get me to stop crying.
	Sayori	It was almost like you blamed yourself and were afraid of getting in trouble if someone found out...
	Sayori	Even though it really wasn't your fault at all, you know?
	MC	Did I really do that...?
	Sayori	Yeah...you don't remember?
	MC	Come to think of it, maybe I do remember a bit...
	MC	I guess I was always so focused on my games that I didn't pay enough attention to you.
	MC	So in a way, it was my fault.
	MC	Kind of like this time, too...
	MC	If I wasn't rushing you out of the closet, you probably wouldn't have hit your head.
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	I don't think you realize it, but you're always thinking about other people.
	Sayori	Even after all these years...
	Sayori	You're rushing to help me, even though I'm just being clumsy.
	Sayori	You're really a sweetheart...
	MC	D-Don't call me that!
	MC	And I don't really do this kind of thing all the time...
	MC	I guess when it comes to you, it just feels natural.
	MC	Before I even know it, I'm treating you like that.
	MC	I guess that's what happens when you've been friends for so long.
	Sayori	Really...?
	Sayori	Maybe you're right...
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	I'm so glad that nothing's changed between us.
	Sayori	Do you think it'll be like this forever?
	MC	Forever...?
	Narrator	If I'm honest to myself...
	Narrator	There's no telling where we'll each end up for college, or after that.
	Narrator	So it wouldn't be fair for me to make any promises.
	Narrator	But...
	MC	Well, I hope so.
	MC	It's been this long already, right?
	MC	I can't imagine you ever changing, so my hopes are up.
	Sayori	I'm so happy...
	Narrator	Sayori has a whimsical expression in her eyes.
	Narrator	We remain silent for a moment.
	Narrator	She's so silly and clumsy on the outside that when I see her deep in thought like this...
	Narrator	It makes me not want to disturb her.
	Sayori	I guess we should go back...
	Sayori	I don't want to worry Monika, you know?
	MC	Good luck with that.
	MC	She's gonna see your forehead either way.
	Sayori	Not if I hide it under my bangs~
	Narrator	Sayori hops to her feet.
	Sayori	A-Aaahh--!
	Narrator	She clutches her forehead again.
	MC	Don't stand up so fast after hurting yourself!
	Sayori	Uuuu...
	MC	Well, I guess it's too late now...
	MC	Anyway, let's go.
	Narrator	I follow Sayori out of the classroom.
	Narrator	Sayori plays with her bangs to try to hide the bump, but without much success.
	Narrator	In a moment, we make it back to the clubroom.
	Monika	Ah, you're back!
	Monika	Good timing, I was just about ready to start with sharing our poems.
	Monika	Eh? Sayori, your forehead...
	MC	She's fine, don't worry about--
	Sayori	I was playing with the crayons and smacked my forehead into the shelf!
	MC	...
	Monika	...
	Monika	...Well, anyway!
	Monika	Were you able to find everything we needed?
	Sayori	Uh-huh! I have it right--
	Sayori	...Eh?
	Narrator	Sayori frantically glances around herself.
	Sayori	I...forgot all of the stuff!!
	MC	Calm down, Sayori.
	MC	I have it all right here.
	MC	I found the poster paper, too.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	Sounds like you ended up doing all the work, [player].
	MC	Ah, well, Sayori--
	Narrator	I fail to come up with an excuse for Sayori.
	Sayori	I made it an adventure!
	MC	...Yeah, that.
	Monika	Ahaha, okay, okay.
	Monika	In any case, good work!
	Monika	I'll start working on the posters tonight.
	Sayori	Me too!
	Monika	...Okay, everyone!
	Monika	Are you ready to share your poems?
	MC	Guess I should grab mine...
	Narrator	After making sure the crayon box is closed tightly, I return to my seat.
