	Narrator	It's an ordinary school day, like any other.
	Narrator	Mornings are usually the worst, being surrounded by couples and friend groups walking to school together.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, I've always walked to school alone.
	Narrator	I always tell myself it's about time I meet some girls or something like that...
	Narrator	But I have no motivation to join any clubs.
	Narrator	I'm perfectly content just getting by on the average while spending my free time on games and anime.
	Narrator	There's always the anime club, but it's not like there would be any girls in it anyway...
	Narrator	The school day is as ordinary as ever, and it's over before I know it.
	Narrator	After I pack up my things, I stare blankly at the wall, looking for an ounce of motivation.
	MC	Clubs...
	Narrator	There really aren't any that interest me.
	Narrator	Besides, most of them would probably be way too demanding for me to want to deal with.
	Narrator	I guess I have no choice but to start with the anime club...
	Narrator	???
	Monika	...[player]?
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	MC	...Monika?
	Narrator	Monika
	Monika	Oh my goodness, I totally didn't expect to see you here!
	Monika	It's been a while, right?
	MC	Ah...
	MC	Yeah, it has.
	Narrator	Monika smiles sweetly.
	Narrator	We do know each other - well, we rarely talked, but we were in the same class last year.
	Narrator	Monika was probably the most popular girl in class - smart, beautiful, athletic.
	Narrator	Basically, completely out of my league.
	Narrator	So, having her smile at me so genuinely feels a little...
	MC	What did you come in here for, anyway?
	Monika	Oh, I've just been looking for some supplies to use for my club.
	Monika	Do you know if there's any construction paper in here?
	Monika	Or markers?
	MC	I guess you could check the closet.
	MC	...You're in the debate club, right?
	Monika	Ahaha, about that...
	Monika	I actually quit the debate club.
	MC	Really? You quit?
	Monika	Yeah...
	Monika	To be honest, I can't stand all of the politics around the major clubs.
	Monika	It feels like nothing but arguing about the budget and publicity and how to prepare for events...
	Monika	I'd much rather take something I personally enjoy and make something special out of it.
	MC	In that case, what club did you decide to join?
	Monika	Actually, I'm starting a new one!
	Monika	A literature club!{nw}
	Narrator	sfx/s_kill_glitch1.ogg
	Monika	A literature club!{fast}
	MC	Literature...?
	Narrator	That sounds kind of...dull?
	MC	How many members do you have so far?
	Monika	Um...
	Monika	Ahaha...
	Monika	It's kind of embarrassing, but there are only three of us so far.
	Monika	It's really hard to find new members for something that sounds so boring...
	MC	Well, I can see that...
	Monika	But it's really not boring at all, you know!
	Monika	Literature can be anything. Reading, writing, poetry...
	Monika	I mean, one of my members even keeps her manga collection in the clubroom...
	MC	Wait...really?
	Monika	Yeah, it's funny, right?
	Monika	She always insists that manga is literature, too.
	Monika	I mean, she's not wrong, I guess...
	Monika	And besides, a member's a member, right?
	Narrator	...Did Monika say \"she\"?
	Narrator	Hmm...
	Monika	Hey, [player]...
	Monika	By any chance...are you still looking for a club to join?
	MC	Ah--
	MC	I mean, I guess so, but...
	Monika	In that case...
	Monika	Is there any chance you could do me a big favor?
	Monika	I won't ask you to join, but...
	Monika	If you could at the very least visit my club, it would make me really happy.
	Monika	Please?
	MC	Um...
	Narrator	Well, I guess I have no reason to refuse...
	Narrator	Besides, how could I ever refuse someone like Monika?
	MC	Sure, I guess I could check it out.
	Monika	Aah, awesome!
	Monika	You're really sweet, [player], you know that?
	MC	I-It's nothing, really...
	Monika	Shall we go, then?
	Monika	I'll look for the materials another time - you're more important.
	Narrator	And thus, today marks the day I sold my soul to Monika and her irresistible smile.
	Narrator	I timidly follow Monika across the school and upstairs - a section of the school I rarely visit, being generally used for third-year classes and activities.
	Narrator	Monika, full of energy, swings open the classroom door.
	Monika	I'm back~!
	Monika	And I brought a guest with me!
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	A...a guest?
	Natsuki	Seriously? You brought a boy?
	Natsuki	Way to kill the atmosphere.
	Monika	Don't be mean, Natsuki...
	Monika	...But anyway, welcome to the club, [player]!
	MC	...
	Narrator	All words escape me in this situation.
	Narrator	This club...
	Narrator	{i}...is full of incredibly cute girls!!{/i}
	Natsuki	So, let me guess...
	Natsuki	You're Monika's boyfriend, right?
	MC	Wha--
	MC	No, I'm not!
	Yuri	Natsuki...
	Narrator	The girl with the sour attitude, whose name is apparently Natsuki, is one I don't recognize.
	Narrator	Her small figure makes me think she's probably a first-year.
	Monika	A-Anyway, this is Natsuki, energetic as usual...
	Monika	And this is Yuri, the Vice President!
	Yuri	I-It's nice to meet you...
	Narrator	Yuri, who appears comparably more mature and timid, seems to have a hard time keeping up with someone like Natsuki.
	MC	Yeah... It's nice to meet both of you.
	Monika	So, I ran into [player] in a classroom, and he decided to come check out the club.
	Monika	Isn't that great?
	Natsuki	Wait! Monika!
	Natsuki	Didn't I tell you to let me know in advance before you brought anyone new?
	Natsuki	I was going to...well, you know...
	Monika	Sorry, sorry!
	Monika	I didn't forget that, but I just happened to run into him.
	Yuri	In that case, I should at least make some tea, right?
	Monika	Yeah, that would be great!
	Monika	Why don't you come sit down, [player]?
	Narrator	The girls have a few desks arranged to form a table.
	Narrator	Yuri walks to the corner of the room and opens the closet.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, Monika and Natsuki sit across from each other.
	Narrator	Still feeling awkward, I take a seat next to Monika.
	Monika	So, I know you didn't really plan on coming here...
	Monika	But we'll make sure you feel right at home, okay?
	Monika	As president of the Literature Club, it's my duty to make the club fun and exciting for everyone!
	MC	I'm surprised there aren't more people in the club yet.
	MC	It must be hard to start a new club.
	Monika	You could put it that way.
	Monika	Not many people are very interested in putting out all the effort to start something brand new...
	Monika	Especially when it's something that doesn't grab your attention, like literature.
	Monika	You have to work hard to convince people that you're both fun and worthwhile.
	Monika	But it makes school events, like the festival, that much more important.
	Monika	I'm confident that we can all really grow this club before we graduate!
	Monika	Right, Natsuki?
	Natsuki	Well...
	Natsuki	...I guess.
	Narrator	Natsuki reluctantly agrees.
	Narrator	Such different girls, all interested in the same goal...
	Narrator	Monika must have worked really hard just to find these two.
	Narrator	Yuri returns to the table, carrying a tea set.
	Narrator	She carefully places a teacup in front of each of us before setting down the teapot in the middle.
	MC	You keep a whole tea set in this classroom?
	Yuri	Don't worry, the teachers gave us permission.
	Yuri	After all, doesn't a hot cup of tea help you enjoy a good book?
	MC	Ah... I-I guess...
	Monika	Ehehe, don't let yourself get intimidated, Yuri's just trying to impress you.
	Yuri	Eh?! T-That's not...
	Narrator	Insulted, Yuri looks away.
	Yuri	I meant that, you know...
	MC	I believe you.
	MC	Well, tea and reading might not be a pastime for me, but I at least enjoy tea.
	Yuri	I'm glad...
	Narrator	Yuri faintly smiles to herself in relief.
	Yuri	So, [player], what kinds of things do you like to read?
	MC	Well... Ah...
	Narrator	Considering how little I've read these past few years, I don't really have a good way of answering that.
	MC	...Manga...
	Narrator	I mutter quietly to myself, half-joking.
	Narrator	Natsuki's head suddenly perks up.
	Narrator	It looks like she wants to say something, but she keeps quiet.
	Yuri	N-Not much of a reader, I guess...
	MC	...Well, that can change...
	Narrator	What am I saying?
	Narrator	I spoke without thinking after seeing Yuri's sad smile.
	MC	Anyway, what about you, Yuri?
	Yuri	Well, let's see...
	Narrator	Yuri traces the rim of her teacup with her finger.
	Yuri	My favorites are usually novels that build deep and complex fantasy worlds.
	Yuri	The level of creativity and craftsmanship behind them is amazing to me.
	Yuri	And telling a good story in such a foreign world is equally impressive.
	Narrator	Yuri goes on, clearly passionate about her reading.
	Narrator	She seemed so reserved and timid since the moment I walked in, but it's obvious by the way her eyes light up that she finds her comfort in the world of books, not people.
	Yuri	But you know, I like a lot of things.
	Yuri	Stories with deep psychological elements usually immerse me as well.
	Yuri	Isn't it amazing how a writer can so deliberately take advantage of your own lack of imagination to completely throw you for a loop?
	Yuri	Anyway, I've been reading a lot of horror lately...
	MC	Ah, I read a horror book once...
	Narrator	I desperately grasp something I can relate to at the minimal level.
	Narrator	At this rate, Yuri might as well be having a conversation with a rock.
	Monika	Ahaha. I'd expect that from you, Yuri.
	Monika	It suits your personality.
	Yuri	Oh, is that so?
	Yuri	Really, if a story makes me think, or takes me to another world, then I really can't put it down.
	Yuri	Surreal horror is often very successful at changing the way you look at the world, if only for a brief moment.
	Natsuki	Ugh, I hate horror...
	Yuri	Oh? Why's that?
	Natsuki	Well, I just...
	Narrator	Natsuki's eyes dart over to me for a split second.
	Natsuki	Never mind.
	Monika	That's right, you usually like to write about cute things, don't you, Natsuki?
	Natsuki	W-What?
	Natsuki	What gives you that idea?
	Monika	You left a piece of scrap paper behind last club meeting.
	Monika	It looked like you were working on a poem called--
	Natsuki	Don't say it out loud!!
	Natsuki	And give that back!
	Monika	Fine, fine~
	MC	Natsuki, you write your own poems?
	Natsuki	Eh? Well, I guess sometimes.
	Natsuki	Why do you care?
	MC	I think that's impressive.
	MC	Why don't you share them sometime?
	Natsuki	N-No!
	Narrator	Natsuki averts her eyes.
	Natsuki	You wouldn't...like them...
	MC	Ah...not a very confident writer yet?
	Yuri	I understand how Natsuki feels.
	Yuri	Sharing that level of writing takes more than just confidence.
	Yuri	The truest form of writing is writing to oneself.
	Yuri	You must be willing to open up to your readers, exposing your vulnerabilities and showing even the deepest reaches of your heart.
	Monika	Do you have writing experience too, Yuri?
	Monika	Maybe if you share some of your work, you can set an example and help Natsuki feel comfortable enough to share hers.
	Yuri	...
	MC	I guess it's the same for Yuri...
	Narrator	We all sit in silence for a moment.
	Monika	Hey, I just got an idea!
	Monika	How about this?
	Natsuki/Yuri	...?
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri look quizzically at Monika.
	Monika	Let's all go home and write a poem of our own!
	Monika	Then, next time we meet, we'll all share them with each other.
	Monika	That way, everyone is even!
	Natsuki	U-Um...
	Yuri	...
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	I mean, I thought it was a good idea...
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	...I think you're right, Monika.
	Yuri	We should probably start finding activities for all of us to participate in together.
	Yuri	I did decide to take on the responsibility of Vice President, after all...
	Yuri	I need to do my best to nurture the club as well as its members.
	Yuri	Besides, now that we have a new member...
	Yuri	It seems like a good step for us to take.
	Yuri	Do you agree as well, [player]?
	MC	Hold on...there's still one problem.
	Monika	Eh? What's that?
	Narrator	Now that we've reached the most important topic, I bluntly come forth with what's been on my mind the entire time.
	MC	I never said I would join this club!
	MC	Monika may have convinced me to stop by, but I never made any decision.
	MC	I still have other clubs to look at, and...um...
	Narrator	I lose my train of thought.
	Narrator	All three girls stare back at me with dejected eyes.
	Monika	B-But...
	Yuri	I'm sorry, I thought...
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	MC	Eh...?
	Narrator	The girls exchange glances before Monika turns back to me.
	Monika	I...guess I need to tell you the truth, [player].
	Monika	The thing is...
	Monika	...We don't have enough members yet to form an official club.
	Monika	We need four...
	Monika	And I've been trying really, really hard to find new members.
	Monika	And if we don't find one more before the festival...
	MC	...
	Narrator	I...I'm defenseless against these girls.
	Narrator	How am I supposed to make a clear-headed decision when it's like this?
	Narrator	I would feel terrible for letting everyone down in this situation...
	Narrator	And besides, the club itself seems pretty relaxed...
	Narrator	So, if writing poems is the price I need to pay in order to spend every day with these beautiful girls...
	MC	...Right.
	MC	Okay, I've decided, then.
	MC	I'll join the Literature Club.
	Narrator	One by one, the girls' eyes light up.
	Monika	Oh my goodness, really?
	Monika	Do you really mean that, [player]?
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	It could be fun, right?
	Yuri	You really did scare me for a moment...
	Natsuki	I mean, if you really just left after all this, I would be super pissed.
	Monika	[player], I'm so happy...
	Monika	We can become an official club now!
	Monika	Thank you so much for this. You're really amazing.
	Monika	I'll do everything I can to give you a great time, okay?
	MC	Ah...thanks, I guess.
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Monika	I think with that, we can officially end today's meeting on a good note.
	Monika	Everyone remember tonight's assignment:
	Monika	Write a poem to bring to the next meeting, so we can all share!
	Narrator	Monika looks over at me once more.
	Monika	[player], I look forward to seeing how you express yourself.
	Monika	Ehehe~
	MC	Y-Yeah...
	Narrator	Can I really impress the class star Monika with my mediocre writing skills?
	Narrator	I already feel the anxiety welling up inside me.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, the girls continue to chit-chat as Yuri cleans up the tea set.
	MC	I guess I'll be on my way, then...
	Monika	Okay!
	Monika	I'll see you tomorrow, then.
	Monika	I can't wait!
	Narrator	With that, I depart the clubroom and make my way home.
	Narrator	The whole way, my mind wanders back and forth between the three girls:
	Narrator	Natsuki,
	Narrator	Yuri,
	Narrator	and, of course, Monika.
	Narrator	Will I really be happy spending every day after school in a literature club?
	Narrator	Perhaps I'll have the chance to grow closer to one of these girls...
	Narrator	Alright!
	Narrator	I'll just need to make the most of my circumstances, and I'm sure good fortune will find me.
	Narrator	And I guess that starts with writing a poem tonight...
	Narrator	You have unlocked a special poem.\nWould you like to read it?
	Narrator	poem_special_
