	Narrator	2
	Narrator	
	Narrator	Who should I show my poem to first?
	Narrator	Who should I show my poem to next?
	Narrator	[menutext]
	Narrator	Sayori
	Narrator	I'm definitely most comfortable sharing it with Sayori first.
	Narrator	She's my good friend, after all.
	Narrator	Natsuki
	Narrator	I told Natsuki I was interested in her poems yesterday.
	Narrator	It's probably only fair if I shared mine with her first.
	Narrator	Yuri
	Narrator	Yuri seems the most experienced, so I should start with her.
	Narrator	I can trust her opinion to be fair.
	Narrator	Monika
	Narrator	I should start with Monika.
	Narrator	Yesterday she seemed eager to read my poem, and I want her to know I'm putting in effort.
	Narrator	med
	Narrator	bad
	Narrator	good
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_s_
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_s_end
	Narrator	med
	Narrator	bad
	Narrator	good
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_n_
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_n_end
	Narrator	med
	Narrator	bad
	Narrator	good
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_y_
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_y_end
	Narrator	bad
	Narrator	good
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_m_start
	Narrator	ch" + pt + str(chapter) + "_m_end
	Narrator	yuri 3t
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	I...I'm sorry I have such terrible handwriting!
	MC	What??
	MC	I wasn't thinking that at all...
	Yuri	But it took you a long time to read...
	MC	Ah--
	MC	Well, I just don't read script very often...
	MC	I actually think your handwriting is pretty.
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	That's...a relief...
	MC	Also, I liked the poem.
	MC	Even though it's short, it was really descriptive.
	Yuri	It wasn't too short?
	Yuri	I usually write longer poems...
	MC	Not at all.
	Yuri	I'm...really glad you like it.
	Yuri	I'll be honest...
	Yuri	Since it's our first time sharing, I wanted to write something a little more mild.
	Yuri	Something easy to digest, I suppose.
	MC	Are you into ghosts, Yuri?
	Yuri	Huhu.
	Yuri	Actually, the story isn't about a ghost at all, [player].
	MC	Really?
	MC	I must have totally missed the point...
	Yuri	Well, I suppose you did only glance over it, after all...
	Yuri	But remember that poets often express their own thoughts, feelings, and experiences in their work.
	Yuri	They usually do more than tell a simple story, or paint a picture.
	Yuri	In this case, perhaps the subject of the poem is only being symbolically compared to a ghost.
	Yuri	Lingering in her last remaining place of comfort, unable to let go of the past.
	Yuri	And soon to be left with nothing...
	MC	...That's a lot more solemn, putting it that way.
	MC	I hadn't even thought of that...
	MC	That's impressive.
	Narrator	good
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	I-It's nothing, really!
	Yuri	Yours was impressive too, so...
	MC	Nah...
	MC	If anything, I could probably learn a thing or two from you.
	Yuri	...You think so?
	MC	Yeah, of course.
	Yuri	Ah...
	Yuri	You know...
	Yuri	I was really nervous about doing all this.
	Yuri	But in the end, I enjoyed it.
	Yuri	I'm going to keep doing my best for you, [player].
	MC	Ah...
	MC	Me too.
	Yuri	It's nothing, really...
	Yuri	Well...it makes me happy that you think that.
	Yuri	Just remember that it won't be long before you pick up on these things, too.
	MC	Yeah, maybe you're right.
	MC	I guess I'll have to keep trying.
	Yuri	I'm counting on you.
	Yuri	Um...
	Yuri	I was a little more daring with this one than yesterday's...
	MC	I can see that.
	MC	It's a lot more metaphorical...
	Narrator	I don't know if it's my fault, but I can't begin to imagine what this poem is about.
	Yuri	That's right.
	Yuri	It's a bit closer to my preferred writing style...
	Yuri	Using the poem as a canvas to express vivid imagery, and conveying emotions through them.
	MC	Yeah, if I take it at face value, then I can't even figure out what it's supposed to mean...
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	I think it's something that different people can relate to in their own way.
	Yuri	I wanted to express the way it feels for me to indulge in my more unusual hobbies...
	Yuri	It's those sorts of things I'm usually forced to keep to myself.
	Yuri	So, I sometimes enjoy writing about them.
	MC	Huh, that's funny...
	Yuri	...?
	MC	Didn't Natsuki also write something about that?
	MC	About someone being ridiculed for a strange interest?
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	She...she did?
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	She was talking about how it doesn't matter what you're into as long as you're not hurting anybody.
	Yuri	She--She's right!
	Yuri	Ah--I mean...
	Yuri	Does she really feel that way...?
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	Sounds like you two have that in common...
	Yuri	That's...well, that's interesting...
	Yuri	To me, she seemed like the kind of person who would make fun of my hobbies...
	Yuri	But I suppose that's my fault for judging, isn't it...?
	Yuri	Ah-- Please don't tell her I said that!
	MC	Ahaha. Don't worry, I have no reason to.
	Yuri	Okay...
	Yuri	Well, thank you for sharing it with me.
	MC	Why do you keep them to yourself?
	Yuri	Be...Because...
	Yuri	They're embarrassing...
	Yuri	And people would make fun of me.
	Yuri	Don't you have anything like that, [player]?
	MC	Well...
	MC	Yeah, I guess I do...
	Yuri	I feel like everyone has a little something like that.
	Yuri	The best we can do is respect each other and our individualities.
	Yuri	Even if it's difficult sometimes, and some things make us uncomfortable...
	Yuri	After all, if I hadn't learned to embrace my own weirdness, I would probably hate myself.
	Yuri	I-I might be ranting a little bit now...
	Yuri	...But I'm glad that you're a good listener.
	Yuri	You're good at a lot of things...
	Yuri	Writing, listening...
	Yuri	There really aren't many people like you, [player]...
	MC	Th-That's exaggerating a little bit...
	Yuri	It's just...how I feel.
	Yuri	I never thought I would feel so comfortable sharing my writing...
	Yuri	But now, I almost feel like I look forward to it...
	Yuri	It's just...a really nice feeling.
	Yuri	And you're to thank for that.
	MC	It's...it's nothing, really...
	Narrator	Yuri smiles sincerely at me.
	Narrator	For just a moment, her timidness seems to disappear.
	Narrator	yuri 2v
	Yuri	Um...
	Yuri	I'm aware that the beach is kind of an inane thing to write about.
	Yuri	But I did my best to take a metaphorical approach to it.
	MC	You say that like you didn't even want to write about it...
	Yuri	Oh, you haven't heard...?
	Yuri	After yesterday, Natsuki and I...well...
	Yuri	It was...amusing that we wrote about something similar in such different ways.
	Yuri	So, Natsuki wanted us to write about the same topic as each other again.
	MC	I see...
	Narrator	Something tells me the poem Natsuki showed me isn't the one she plans on sharing with everyone else...
	Narrator	Of course, I choose not to mention that to Yuri.
	MC	Yeah, Natsuki already told me about it.
	Yuri	S-She did...?
	Yuri	She didn't say anything weird, did she?
	Yuri	She just wanted us to write about the same topic again...
	Yuri	I suppose to better compare the differences in our writing styles...or thought processes.
	Yuri	Anyway, it was her idea...!
	Yuri	Knowing her, it's no surprise that she'd want to do something like that.
	Yuri	She probably just wants to show off.
	Yuri	It's not like I have a particular interest in her writing style...
	Yuri	I just went with her request.
	Yuri	But...
	Yuri	Well, I suppose it's not so bad to write about something simple on occasion.
	Yuri	It can be refreshing, you know?
	Yuri	It's good for me to calm my thoughts once in a while.
	MC	Yeah...I think I agree.
	MC	Thanks for sharing.
	Narrator	yuri 4b
	Narrator	Finishing the poem, I start to hand it back to Yuri.
	Narrator	But instead of taking it from me, she looks away.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	Do you...dislike it?
	MC	Ah--no, of course not.
	MC	I just...don't really know how I should respond.
	Narrator	Despite Yuri's poems usually being cryptic, it wasn't hard to figure out what this one was about.
	Narrator	Also, this clearly isn't the poem that Natsuki said she wrote about...
	Narrator	...Meaning I'm probably the only one she's showing this to.
	Yuri	I-I don't know if I'll be able to explain this one...
	MC	That's fine.
	MC	I understand this one.
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri is having an even harder time speaking than usual.
	MC	Does this one...mean a lot to you?
	Narrator	Yuri nods.
	MC	I'm not really good with words, but...
	MC	I'm happy that you shared it with me.
	MC	So, thank you.
	MC	And I hope we keep spending time together.
	Narrator	Despite my inability to make eye contact, I see a faint smile emerge on Yuri's lips.
	Narrator	I once again try to hand the poem back to her.
	Narrator	But instead, Yuri gently takes my hands and pushes them back toward me.
	Narrator	I hesitate in response to her warm touch.
	Yuri	You can...
	Yuri	Um...
	Yuri	The poem is...
	Narrator	Once again, Yuri fails to form a complete sentence.
	MC	You mean I can keep it?
	Narrator	Yuri nods.
	MC	I'd love to.
	Narrator	Again, Yuri faintly smiles, as if she doesn't want me to notice.
	Yuri	You always...
	Yuri	You always...make me feel nice.
	Yuri	I know I'm not good with people, but...
	Yuri	I hope that...I can return the favor sometimes.
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	Don't worry.
	MC	I think you do a good job.
	Narrator	Yuri finally turns back toward me.
	Yuri	I guess...we should move on before Monika says something.
	Yuri	But I'm sure we can talk again later...
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	I'm sure we will.
	Narrator	With that, Yuri timidly smiles at me, and I return to my seat so I can put her poem away.
	Narrator	natsuki 2s
	Natsuki	Yeah...
	Natsuki	I told you that you weren't gonna like it.
	MC	I like it.
	Natsuki	What?
	Natsuki	Just be honest!
	MC	I am.
	MC	Why are you so convinced that I wouldn't like it?
	Natsuki	Well--
	Natsuki	Because!
	Natsuki	Everyone in high school thinks that writing has to be all sophisticated and stuff...
	Natsuki	So people don't even take my writing seriously.
	MC	But isn't the point of poems for people to express themselves?
	MC	Your writing style wouldn't make your message any less valid.
	Natsuki	Yes! Exactly!
	Natsuki	I like when it's easy to read, but it hits you hard.
	Natsuki	Like in this poem.
	Natsuki	Seeing everyone around you do great things can be really disheartening...
	Natsuki	So I decided to write about it.
	MC	Yeah, I understand.
	Natsuki	But the other nice thing about simple writing is that it puts more weight on the wordplay.
	Natsuki	Like I set up for a rhyme at the end, but then made it fall flat on purpose.
	Natsuki	It helps bring out the feeling in the last line.
	MC	So you did...
	MC	I guess more went into it than I realized.
	Natsuki	That's what it means to be a pro!
	Natsuki	I'm glad you learned something.
	Natsuki	Didn't expect that from the youngest one here, did you?
	MC	Yeah...guess not.
	Narrator	I decide to humor her with that last comment.
	Narrator	I don't really care how old everyone is, but if Natsuki is feeling proud then I won't take that away from her.
	Natsuki	Not bad, right?
	MC	It's quite a bit longer than yesterday's.
	Natsuki	Yesterday's was way too short...
	Natsuki	I was just warming up!
	Natsuki	I hope you didn't think that was the best I could do.
	MC	No, of course not...
	Natsuki	Anyway, the message is pretty straightforward in this poem.
	Natsuki	I doubt I have to explain it.
	Natsuki	Sometimes you can explain complicated issues with much simpler analogies...
	Natsuki	And it helps people realize how stupid they're being.
	Natsuki	Like, anyone would agree that the subject of this poem is an ignorant jerk...
	MC	Do you know people like that?
	Natsuki	Of course. It's about how everyone thinks my--
	Natsuki	...That doesn't matter! It can be about anything!
	Natsuki	I wrote it to be easy to relate to...
	Natsuki	Everyone has some kind of weird hobby, or a guilty pleasure.
	Natsuki	Something that you're afraid if people find out, they'd make fun of you or think less of you.
	Natsuki	...But that just makes people stupid!
	Natsuki	Who cares what someone likes, as long as they're not hurting anyone, and it makes them happy?
	Natsuki	I think people really need to learn to respect others for liking weird things...
	MC	Huh, that's funny...
	MC	Yuri wrote about something similar today.
	Natsuki	Huh?
	Natsuki	Did you say Yuri?
	MC	Yeah...
	MC	She said her poem was about an unusual hobby of hers.
	MC	I didn't really get it, but she said something similar to you...
	MC	That people shouldn't make each other feel insecure about those things.
	Natsuki	Really?
	Natsuki	Well...
	Natsuki	I mean, Yuri's pretty weird, so I wouldn't doubt that she has some weird hobbies...
	Natsuki	...Not that there's anything wrong with that!
	Natsuki	Uu...
	Natsuki	It's not like...I would judge her or anything...
	Narrator	Natsuki has trouble finding words.
	Natsuki	I-I guess I should try not to be so mean to her...
	Natsuki	If she feels insecure about her weird behaviors and stuff...
	Natsuki	I mean, I always hate people who make me feel insecure...
	Natsuki	And Yuri made me feel insecure yesterday!
	Natsuki	But the way you put it, it sounds like she's learned her lesson...
	MC	Well, I would say so.
	MC	Even if her writing style is really different, I'm sure she'll appreciate the message in your poem.
	MC	Well, you're definitely right.
	MC	At least, I can relate to that.
	MC	And I'm sure a lot of other people can, too.
	Natsuki	You know...
	Natsuki	I'm glad that you can appreciate this kind of writing...
	Natsuki	I mean...I know I was talking about that yesterday.
	Natsuki	But I've been...well, I've been enjoying sharing my writing with you, so...
	Natsuki	...So consider yourself lucky, okay?
	MC	Ahaha.
	MC	Well, thanks for being honest.
	Natsuki	What's that supposed to mean?
	Natsuki	I'm always honest!
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	Just look forward to tomorrow too, okay?
	MC	Alright, I will.
	Natsuki	It's what I do best, after all!
	Natsuki	I don't like writing unless there's a good message to take away from it.
	Natsuki	Like, conveying emotions is important...
	Natsuki	But I want to make people think, not just feel.
	Natsuki	Remember that!
	Natsuki	I'm gonna write a good one for tomorrow, too, so look forward to it.
	Natsuki	Yeah...
	Natsuki	I felt like I kept writing about negative things, so I wanted to write something with a nice message for once.
	Natsuki	Besides...the beach is awesome!
	Natsuki	Kinda hard to write anything negative about the beach.
	MC	So you decided to write about the beach first, and then came up with the message later?
	Natsuki	Yeah, well...
	Natsuki	It's only because of what happened yesterday.
	Natsuki	I mean, after Yuri and I realized we kind of wrote about the same thing...
	Natsuki	She wanted to pick a topic and have us both write about it, or whatever.
	MC	I see...
	Narrator	Something tells me the poem Yuri showed me isn't the one she plans on sharing with everyone else...
	Narrator	Of course, I choose not to mention that to Natsuki.
	MC	Well, Yuri's take on it was a little more solemn.
	Natsuki	Well, that's--
	Natsuki	Jeez...she better not have said anything bad about mine!
	Natsuki	After all, she was the one who wanted us to write about the same topic.
	Natsuki	Ugh...you can really see her doing that, too.
	Natsuki	Making us write about a simple topic, then trying to impress me by coming up with something all fancy.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not like I care.
	Natsuki	I just did it anyway.
	Natsuki	I mean, I guess mine ended up being kind of metaphorical too...
	Natsuki	...But there's nothing wrong with doing that once in a while!
	Natsuki	At the very least, it was good practice.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Why are you looking at me like that?
	Natsuki	If you don't like it, then just say it.
	Natsuki	I won't...get mad.
	MC	No, it's not that I don't like it...!
	MC	It was just...a little surprising to read.
	Narrator	This clearly isn't the poem that Yuri told me she had written...
	Narrator	...Meaning I'm probably the only one she's showing this to.
	MC	Er...I guess I'm not used to hearing such nice things coming from you...
	Natsuki	D-Don't just say that!
	Natsuki	Dummy...
	Natsuki	What do you think...the point of writing is?
	Natsuki	Expressing things that you can't just say...
	MC	Yeah...I understand.
	MC	I'm sorry for missing the point sometimes.
	MC	I always mean well...
	MC	And...I'm happy that you showed this to me.
	MC	I liked it.
	Natsuki	Well...yeah...
	Natsuki	I'm...I'm a pro, so...
	Narrator	Natsuki mumbles, completely failing to sound confident like she usually does.
	Natsuki	Just...
	Natsuki	Remember that...I can think these things sometimes, too!
	Natsuki	You know, when you're nice to me, it's...
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Meaningful.
	MC	Ah...I'm glad.
	Narrator	Sensing Natsuki is satisfied, I start to hand the poem back to her.
	Narrator	But as I do so, Natsuki takes my hands and pushes them back away.
	Narrator	Her small, soft hands surprise me with their assertion.
	Natsuki	I don't want it.
	MC	Eh...?
	MC	Why not?
	Natsuki	I just don't!
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Narrator	I realize what Natsuki is doing.
	Narrator	Unable to be honest, she's trying to give me the poem in a roundabout way.
	MC	Well...in that case, I'm going to keep it.
	Narrator	Instead of teasing her, I choose to go along with it.
	Natsuki	...Good.
	Natsuki	If you didn't, I would...
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	Never mind...
	Natsuki	Just...I'm glad that you want it.
	Narrator	Natsuki backpedals on her words and leaves it at that.
	Narrator	Despite her best efforts to hide her expression, I can see her faintly smiling to herself.
	Natsuki	That's all for now, so...
	Natsuki	Go put it away before someone sees it, okay?
	MC	Ah...yeah.
	MC	I'll go do that.
	Narrator	With that, I return to my seat so that I can put away Natsuki's poem.
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	This is just a guess, but...
	MC	Did you wait until this morning to write this?
	Sayori	No!
	Sayori	J-Just a little bit!
	MC	You can't answer 'just a little bit' to a yes or no question...
	Sayori	I forgot to do it last night...
	MC	Well, at least that makes me feel a little better about myself...
	Sayori	Don't be mean!
	Sayori	I still tried my best...
	MC	Ah, yeah...
	MC	I didn't mean to say that it was a bad poem.
	MC	It came out nice...or, how should I put it...
	MC	It sounds just like you.
	Sayori	Really?
	MC	Yeah.
	MC	Especially that last line...
	Sayori	I made eggs and toast!
	MC	Even though you were late to school...?
	Sayori	It's bad to skip breakfast!
	Sayori	I get all cranky...
	MC	Well, I guess there's no point in arguing...
	MC	Anyway, thanks for showing me.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	This was so much fun.
	Sayori	Monika's the best!
	MC	Ah...yeah.
	Sayori	But next time, I won't forget.
	Sayori	And I'm gonna write the best poem ever!
	MC	Well, I guess I look forward to it.
	MC	Holy crap...
	MC	Sayori, did you really write this?
	Sayori	Of course I did!
	Sayori	Didn't I tell you yesterday I was gonna write the best poem ever?
	MC	Yeah, but...
	MC	I mean, I didn't expect something like this, coming from you.
	Sayori	Monika taught me a whole lot!
	Sayori	And I've been really in touch with my feelings recently...
	MC	I see that...
	MC	It's almost kind of creepy.
	Sayori	Creepy...?
	MC	Well, not exactly...
	MC	Maybe because I'm so used to you being cheerful...
	MC	...Well, never mind.
	MC	I'm thinking too hard about it.
	MC	The point is, it came out good, so you should be proud of it.
	Sayori	Aw, thanks~
	Sayori	I feel like...
	Sayori	I feel like I was meant to express myself this way.
	Sayori	It even helps me understand my own feelings a little bit better...
	Sayori	Writing is like magic!
	MC	You've gotten pretty passionate about this, huh?
	MC	I hope you keep it up.
	Sayori	Yeah!
	Sayori	Writing's the best!
	Sayori	I'm gonna keep writing until I die!
	MC	Ahaha...don't get ahead of yourself.
	Narrator	Sayori's always had a habit of getting obsessed with something, before dropping it no more than a week later.
	Narrator	I wonder if this is one of those times?
	Narrator	But seeing the passion in her eyes makes it hard for me to be pessimistic.
	Monika	So...what do you think?
	MC	Hmm...it's very...freeform, if that's what you call it.
	MC	Sorry, I'm not really the right person to ask for feedback...
	Monika	Ahaha. It's okay.
	Monika	Yeah, that kind of style has gotten pretty popular nowadays.
	Monika	That is, a lot of poems have been putting emphasis on the timing between words and lines.
	Monika	When performed out loud, it can be really powerful.
	MC	What was the inspiration behind this one?
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	Well, I'm not sure if I know how to put it...
	Monika	I guess you could say that I had some kind of epiphany recently.
	Monika	It's been influencing my poems a bit.
	MC	An epiphany?
	Monika	Yeah...something like that.
	Monika	I'm kind of nervous to talk about deep stuff like that, because it's kind of coming on strongly...
	Monika	Maybe after everyone is better friends with each other.
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	Here's Monika's Writing Tip of the Day!
	Monika	Sometimes when you're writing a poem - or a story - your brain gets too fixated on a specific point...
	Monika	If you try so hard to make it perfect, then you'll never make any progress.
	Monika	Just force yourself to get something down on the paper, and tidy it up later!
	Monika	Another way to think about it is this:
	Monika	If you keep your pen in the same spot for too long, you'll just get a big dark puddle of ink.
	Monika	So just move your hand, and go with the flow!
	Monika	...That's my advice for today!
	Monika	Thanks for listening~
	MC	Hm...
	MC	It's even more abstract than your last one, huh?
	Monika	Ahaha...
	Monika	I guess it's just the way I write...
	Monika	I'm sorry if you don't like it.
	MC	No, I never said that.
	MC	It's just a kind of thing I've never really seen before, I guess.
	Monika	I kind of like playing with my space on the paper...
	Monika	Choosing where and how to space your words can totally change the mood of the poem.
	Monika	It's almost like magic.
	Monika	The way I wrote the lines really short makes it feel like they're trying to speak over the noise.
	MC	I see...
	MC	It's still hard for me to tell what it's about, though.
	Monika	Ahaha.
	Monika	Sometimes asking what a poem is about isn't the right question.
	Monika	A poem can be as abstract as a physical expression of a feeling.
	Monika	Or a conversation with the reader.
	Monika	So putting it that way, not every poem is {i}about{/i} something.
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	Here's Monika's Writing Tip of the Day!
	Monika	Sometimes you'll find yourself facing a difficult decision...
	Monika	When that happens, don't forget to save your game!
	Monika	You never know when you might change your mind...
	Monika	...or when something unexpected may happen!
	Monika	Wait...is this tip even about writing?
	Monika	What am I even talking about?
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	...That's my advice for today!
	Monika	Thanks for listening~
	Monika	You know...
	Monika	I feel like learning and looking for answers are the sorts of things that give life meaning.
	Monika	Not to get too philosophical or anything...
	Monika	But it was kind of on my mind, so that's what I wrote about.
	MC	I see...
	MC	I never really put much thought into it.
	Monika	In a way, it's almost paradoxical.
	Monika	Because if we had all the answers, wouldn't the world start to lose its meaning?
	MC	You know, there's one thing I noticed...
	MC	It seems like everyone in the club prefers writing about things that are more sad than happy.
	Monika	Ahaha. Are you surprised?
	Monika	I mean, if everything was okay...
	Monika	We wouldn't really have anything to write about, would we?
	Monika	Humans aren't two-dimensional creatures.
	Monika	I think you'd know that better than anyone.
	MC	You mean one-dimensional...?
	Monika	Ah...yeah, that!
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	Here's Monika's Writing Tip of the Day!
	Monika	Are you ever too shy to share your writing because you're afraid it's not that good?
	Monika	It can be really disheartening to get a lukewarm response to something you put so much into.
	Monika	But if you find other people who enjoy writing, then sharing becomes a lot easier!
	Monika	Because instead of just telling you that your writing is good, or okay, or bad...
	Monika	They'll want to focus more on everything that went into it, and the things you can work on.
	Monika	It's much more encouraging that way, and it will make you want to continue improving.
	Monika	It's almost like having your own little Literature Club, don't you think?
	Monika	...That's my advice for today!
	Monika	Thanks for listening~
	Natsuki	...
	MC	...?
	Narrator	sfx/stab.ogg
	Narrator	<from " + str(currentpos) + " loop 4.444>bgm/5.ogg
	Natsuki	[player], if you're not going to take this club seriously then go home.
	MC	W-What??
	MC	Harsh...
	Natsuki	What, you expect me to believe that you actually put effort into this?
	Natsuki	Do you think I'm stupid?
	MC	I'm not a writer!
	MC	Maybe it's not very good, but yeah, I did put in effort.
	MC	We all start somewhere, right?
	MC	If you're still proud of the first poem {i}you{/i} ever wrote, then I'd like to read it.
	Natsuki	!!
	MC	Painful to think about?
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	Fine.
	Natsuki	Well, sorry.
	Natsuki	You'll get better, anyway.
	Natsuki	I'd tell you what to improve, but you're better off just trying again.
	MC	Fair enough...
	MC	Well, to each their own, I guess.
	Natsuki	Anyway, I guess I gotta share mine now...
	Natsuki	Knowing you, you'll probably think it's stupid.
	Natsuki	...
	MC	...?
	Natsuki	...Well, it's about what I expected from someone like you.
	MC	That's a little blunt...
	Natsuki	Well, excuse me.
	Natsuki	It's not like I said it was bad.
	Natsuki	It just didn't evoke any emotions.
	MC	So basically, it's not cute enough for your tastes?
	Natsuki	Do you want to get smacked?
	MC	I'll pass...
	Natsuki	Sigh...
	Natsuki	Well anyway, I guess I need to show you mine.
	Natsuki	Not that you'll like it.
	Natsuki	...
	MC	...?
	Natsuki	...Okay, well let's start with the things I don't like!
	Natsuki	First of all, um...
	MC	...
	Narrator	Natsuki re-reads my poem.
	Natsuki	N-Never mind. I don't feel like giving you my opinion.
	MC	Eh? Then what's the point of sharing in the first place?
	MC	I wrote this when I could have been doing other things.
	Natsuki	Uu...
	MC	In fact, remember how I said I wanted to read your poems?
	MC	That's what I had in mind when writing this.
	MC	I want to help you feel comfortable enough to share yours.
	MC	Like Monika said.
	Natsuki	Uuuu...!
	Natsuki	Well I would be more comfortable sharing my poem if yours was really bad!
	Natsuki	You were supposed to show me some dumb poem and make me go 'Hah, well it's not that great but let me show you what real literature looks like!'
	Natsuki	And you went and ruined it!
	Natsuki	I hope you're happy!
	MC	...
	MC	...So, in other words, you're saying you liked it?
	Natsuki	Urk--
	Narrator	Natsuki's retort gets caught in her throat.
	Natsuki	Uuuuuuuuu...You're so...!
	Natsuki	You just...you...don't understand anything, do you?
	Natsuki	I already told you that, you don't have to go announcing it to the world like you're all self-important!
	MC	Pretty sure you never actually said that...
	Narrator	I say that mostly to myself.
	Narrator	Natsuki must really hate me or something.
	Narrator	I can't figure out if it's a win or a loss that she liked my poem.
	MC	In any case... You still need to show me yours, right?
	Natsuki	Gr... Fine, I guess.
	Natsuki	Only because Monika will make me if I don't.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, I can admit that it's better than the last one.
	Natsuki	It's nice to see that you're putting in some effort.
	MC	That's good...
	Natsuki	But I still don't like this at all.
	Natsuki	It's trying too hard to be serious.
	MC	Eh? What do you mean by that?
	Natsuki	Poems don't need to be all deep-sounding to express something.
	Natsuki	It's going to just sound like you're forcing it unless you really don't suck at it.
	Natsuki	Honestly... Don't bother trying to write poems like this until you're on Yuri's level--
	Narrator	Natsuki stops short all of a sudden.
	Natsuki	D-Don't...tell me...
	MC	Eh?
	Natsuki	You're not...you're not just trying to impress Yuri, are you?!
	MC	W-What are you talking about?? And keep your voice down...!
	Natsuki	You know Yuri would love this kind of...this angsty.......!!
	MC	Just because she's a talented writer doesn't mean...I-I mean...
	Natsuki	Uu....!!
	Narrator	Looks like I'm in trouble.
	Narrator	I somehow struck a nerve, though what I did is beyond me.
	Natsuki	I am so done with you.
	Narrator	Natsuki shoves the poem I handed her back over to me.
	Natsuki	Take your stupid poem. If you wrote it for someone else, just don't show it to me!
	MC	Ouch...
	Narrator	This is what I get for letting a younger girl step into my business.
	Narrator	Unless I was a mind reader, I was destined to be in a world of pain from the start.
	Narrator	At least Natsuki wasn't really the girl I was trying to impress in the first place...
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	I liked your last one better.
	MC	Eh? Really?
	Natsuki	Well yeah. I can tell you were a little more daring with this one.
	Natsuki	But you're really not good enough for that yet. It fell flat.
	MC	That may be true, but I just wanted to try something different.
	MC	I'm still figuring this all out.
	Natsuki	I mean, I always like poems that aren't trying too hard.
	Natsuki	I hate when people try to sound fancy or add more meaning just by using annoying and complicated language.
	Natsuki	Just make it simple, cute, and to the point!
	Natsuki	Yuri's head over heels for all this cryptic nonsense, but I see right through that BS. Hah!
	Natsuki	Making your reader look so hard for all this deep meaning is just an excuse to have no meaning at all.
	MC	I guess that's one way to look at it.
	Natsuki	Well, everyone has their own opinion.
	Natsuki	But my opinion is the best opinion. I'm sure you've figured that out already.
	MC	Er...
	Natsuki	Anyway, here's my poem. Maybe you'll learn something.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, I can admit that it's better than the last one.
	Natsuki	It's nice to see that you're putting in some effort.
	MC	That's good...
	Natsuki	Come to think of it, this kind of reminds me of Sayori's poem from yesterday...
	MC	Eh? You think so?
	Natsuki	Yeah. Well I guess if you've been friends with her for so long, you might be on the same wavelength.
	Natsuki	But you never really struck me as her type.
	MC	Sayori has a 'type' all of a sudden...?
	Natsuki	Well, I don't know! But honestly, how can someone so...er, fluffy...spend so much time with someone like you?
	Natsuki	It's like she's dragging around a dead weight.
	MC	Uug... That was a little unnecessary...
	MC	But think of it this way. If it weren't for me, she would probably just fly away like letting go of a balloon.
	MC	You could say we each take care of each other in our own way.
	Natsuki	Whatever it is, I don't get it...
	Natsuki	...Oh, yeah, I guess I'm supposed to show you my poem.
	Natsuki	Here.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not really any worse than your last one.
	Natsuki	But I can't really say it's any better, either.
	MC	Phew...
	Natsuki	Huh? 'Phew' what?
	MC	Ah... Well anything that isn't a trainwreck, I'll take as a win.
	MC	And I get the feeling you're probably the most critical.
	Natsuki	H-Hey! What makes you--
	Natsuki	{i}(Wait, maybe that was a compliment...?){/i}
	Natsuki	A-Ahah! Glad to see someone recognizes my experience!
	Natsuki	Well then, keep practicing and maybe you'll be as good as me someday!
	MC	That's...uh...
	Narrator	Something tells me Natsuki completely missed the point.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not terrible.
	Natsuki	But it's pretty disappointing after your last one.
	Natsuki	Then again, if this one was as good as your last one, I would be completely pissed.
	MC	Well, I guess I wanted to try something a little different this time.
	Natsuki	Fair enough. You're still new to this, so I wouldn't expect you to find your style right away.
	Natsuki	...
	Narrator	Natsuki reads my poem.
	Narrator	She keeps glancing at me, then back at the poem.
	Narrator	By now, she must have read it more than once.
	Natsuki	...Aren't you supposed to be bad at this?
	MC	...Is that a compliment?
	Natsuki	N-No! I mean... You know...
	Narrator	Natsuki struggles to find the words she wants.
	Natsuki	I just...expected a lot less after what you showed me yesterday.
	Natsuki	That's all.
	MC	Well, I guess I just got lucky with this one.
	Natsuki	Y-Yeah!! Exactly!
	Natsuki	You just got lucky, you know?
	Natsuki	Don't get used to it.
	Natsuki	You won't always manage to write poems this cute. I mean--!
	Natsuki	I mean well-written! No, I mean--
	MC	Ah, so that's how it is. My poem is cute?
	Natsuki	No! Why are you smiling?! It's not like I like cute things!
	Narrator	Natsuki shoves my poem back towards me.
	Natsuki	H-Huh! Reading it again, I decided that it's not so great after all.
	Natsuki	It's too cute and doki-doki.
	Natsuki	It would only impress...you know, girls...who like those kinds of things.
	Natsuki	Ahaha!
	Narrator	For some reason, Natsuki is incredibly easy to see through.
	Natsuki	Well, anyway...!
	Natsuki	You're gonna read mine now, right?
	Natsuki	Judging by your tastes, you'll probably like it a lot.
	Natsuki	You'll probably learn something, too. Don't forget who the {i}real{/i} pro is.
	Natsuki	...
	Narrator	Natsuki reads my poem.
	Narrator	She keeps glancing at me, then back at the poem.
	Narrator	By now, she must have read it more than once.
	Natsuki	Rrgh...
	MC	...?
	MC	Is it that bad?
	Natsuki	No! No, it's not!
	Natsuki	It's good. It's really good, okay?!
	Natsuki	There, I said it!
	Natsuki	Ugh, this wasn't supposed to happen at all...!
	Natsuki	Why can't you just be bad at this?
	Natsuki	My poems are supposed to impress {i}you{/i}, not the other way around!
	MC	You're trying to impress me?
	Natsuki	Obviously! You think I'd let you enjoy Yuri's writing more than mine?
	Natsuki	Give me a break.
	MC	Well...
	MC	In that case, what's the problem with me trying to impress you?
	Natsuki	I'll tell you! You--
	Natsuki	--
	Narrator	Natsuki's face freezes, like she just realized something.
	Natsuki	Y-Y-You...
	Natsuki	You're trying to...impress {i}me?{/i}
	Narrator	Natsuki vigorously scans her eyes over my poem one more time.
	Narrator	Then, the poem slips out of her hands and flutters to the floor.
	Natsuki	I...have to use the bathroom!
	Narrator	Red-faced, Natsuki quickly walks out of the room.
	Monika	Hey, [player]...
	Monika	Did you do something to Natsuki?
	Monika	I just saw her rush out like that...
	Monika	You didn't do anything terrible, did you?
	MC	N-No!
	MC	I just told her that--
	Narrator	My voice gets caught in my throat.
	Narrator	There's no way I could tell Monika that I'm trying to impress Natsuki.
	Monika	Hmm?
	Narrator	Monika sees the poem lying on the floor and swiftly picks it up.
	Narrator	She skims over it a second time, her smile not fading from her face.
	Monika	I see.
	Monika	At first I just thought you liked her writing style...
	Monika	But you wrote this {i}for{/i} Natsuki, didn't you?
	Narrator	She reads through it, her smile not fading from her face.
	Monika	I see.
	Monika	You wrote this for Natsuki, didn't you?
	MC	I-I mean...
	MC	Not really...
	Monika	In fact, didn't she like your poem a lot the other day, too?
	Monika	I'm surprised you know her taste so well already.
	Monika	Are you sure you're not cheating, [player]?
	MC	Cheating...?
	MC	What do you mean by that?
	Monika	Never mind, I'm just kidding. Ahaha!
	Narrator	I didn't understand Monika's joke at all.
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	How do you think Natsuki feels about you?
	Monika	Oh, you don't need to answer that.
	Monika	It was just something for you to think about.
	Natsuki	Hey!
	Narrator	Natsuki comes up and snatches the poem out of Monika's hands.
	Narrator	Neither of us had noticed her reenter the classroom.
	Natsuki	Did you read this, Monika?
	Monika	Of course! I liked it!
	Natsuki	Ugh...
	Natsuki	You should really stop reading things that aren't for you, you know.
	Natsuki	You have a bad habit of doing that.
	Monika	Eh?
	Monika	But [player] wrote this poem.
	Monika	And we're supposed to share with everyone, right?
	Natsuki	Uu--
	Narrator	Natsuki freezes.
	Narrator	She apparently forgot that my poem is technically for everyone to read.
	Natsuki	Okay, well, I think [player] is done sharing this poem with everyone.
	Natsuki	It's not like anyone would want to read this anyway.
	Natsuki	In fact, I'm just going to hold onto this.
	Monika	If you insist~
	Natsuki	What?
	Natsuki	Why are you looking at me like that??
	Monika	Like what?
	Natsuki	Ugh...
	Natsuki	Never mind.
	Narrator	Well, I guess Natsuki has my poem now.
	Narrator	Not that I really planned on keeping it.
	Narrator	Sayori
	Narrator	Yuri
	MC	Ah, Natsuki...
	MC	I'll give you the poem, but that's still not very fair to [unfairto]...
	MC	...She hasn't gotten to read it yet.
	Natsuki	So what?
	Monika	Well... I guess [player] is right, Natsuki...
	Monika	It's not fair if you don't let everyone finish reading it.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Fine.
	Narrator	Natsuki returns my poem.
	Natsuki	It's not like she's going to like it, though.
	Natsuki	Anyway, read my poem now.
	Natsuki	And no, I won't let you keep it.
	Natsuki	This is my only copy.
	Natsuki	Yeah, no thanks.
	MC	Eh? You didn't even--
	Natsuki	{i}Next!{/i}
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Meh.
	Natsuki	I guess you really haven't learned anything after all.
	Natsuki	Honestly, I don't know why I got my hopes up in the first place.
	MC	What? I didn't think this one was that bad...
	MC	What did I do wrong?
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	Oh, man.
	Natsuki	This is seriously a step backwards.
	MC	Eh?
	Natsuki	I liked your last two way better than this one.
	Natsuki	I mean...
	Natsuki	I guess I can't be mad at you for trying different things.
	Natsuki	As long as you're not just trying to impress Yuri or something like that.
	Natsuki	Gross.
	MC	Okay, okay.
	MC	Like you said, I'm allowed to try new things.
	MC	Why are you so emotionally invested in my poems, anyway?
	MC	Isn't that more of a compliment to me?
	Natsuki	...Eh?
	Natsuki	N-No! Gross!
	Natsuki	It's not like I care!
	Natsuki	It's just that {i}one{/i} of us in this club has to make sure you're not slacking off.
	MC	Really?
	MC	Well, what if you ended up just scaring me away?
	Natsuki	That's--um...
	Natsuki	...It's not like you would actually do that.
	MC	Yeah, you're right.
	MC	It's kind of fun to hang out here, even if I have to put up with you.
	MC	{i}Guh--!!{/i}
	Narrator	Natsuki's elbow connects with my stomach.
	Natsuki	Oh?
	Natsuki	Maybe I won't mind scaring you away after all.
	MC	I was......just joking....
	Natsuki	Oh, I know!
	Natsuki	Don't worry, I was too.
	Natsuki	Ahahaha!
	MC	...
	Narrator	How the hell do you call that a joke?
	Narrator	That seriously hurt.
	Narrator	Well, maybe it was funny to her...
	Narrator	...I guess that's kind of the point.
	Narrator	I should really just watch my mouth around Natsuki.
	Natsuki	Anyway...
	Narrator	Natsuki holds her poem out to me like nothing even happened.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...This one's alright.
	MC	Alright?
	Natsuki	Well, yeah.
	Natsuki	It doesn't blow me away.
	Natsuki	But there's nothing I really hate about it.
	Natsuki	It's just not really my style. I mean, that's fine.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...This one's alright.
	MC	Alright?
	Natsuki	Well, yeah.
	Natsuki	About as good as yesterday's, anyway.
	Natsuki	I see what you're going for, but it's just not really my style.
	Natsuki	I mean, that's fine.
	Natsuki	I'm mostly just glad that you're trying a little bit.
	MC	Well, of course I'm at least trying.
	Natsuki	Let's see, let's see!
	MC	You're certainly enthusiastic today.
	Natsuki	Of course.
	Natsuki	You know I like your writing.
	MC	I'm just surprised.
	MC	It seemed like you had a lot of trouble admitting that before.
	Natsuki	Well... Well, of course!
	Natsuki	I just had to put you in your place a little bit!
	Natsuki	It's not like...
	Natsuki	I mean, it's not like I was shy or anything stupid like that.
	Natsuki	Or jealous!
	Natsuki	I really wasn't jealous.
	Natsuki	Just because you happen to be a good writer?
	Natsuki	That's such a dumb thing to get jealous about.
	Natsuki	Ahaha!
	MC	Natsuki...
	Natsuki	What??
	MC	You're not very confident about your writing, are you?
	Natsuki	...Eh?
	Natsuki	W-What are you talking about?
	Natsuki	My writing is obviously the best...
	Natsuki	...Right?
	MC	...
	Narrator	It took me a while to figure out, but I think I finally did.
	Narrator	Maybe Natsuki acts so arrogant because she's trying to make up for her own insecurities.
	Narrator	If she acts like she's the best, then other people might think that way, too.
	Natsuki	Right...?
	Natsuki	[player]...
	Natsuki	Please just tell me you like my poems.
	Natsuki	I don't care if you hate them.
	Natsuki	Just please tell me I'm the best.
	Natsuki	I just...
	Natsuki	I just really need to hear that from someone.
	Natsuki	I know I sound stupid.
	Natsuki	But there's a reason I never shared my poems before this.
	MC	Natsuki...
	Natsuki	Because...
	Natsuki	Because nobody ever takes me seriously!
	Natsuki	What's the point in sharing my poems if people just laugh and say \"That's so cute, just like you, Natsuki!\"
	Natsuki	Sometimes I don't want to be cute!
	Natsuki	But nobody understands that!
	Natsuki	I try really hard when I write.
	Natsuki	The style doesn't matter.
	Natsuki	The emotions are there.
	Natsuki	Why can't anyone {i}see{/i} that...?
	Natsuki	I just want...
	Narrator	Natsuki trails off.
	Narrator	Maybe it's because her lip started to quiver.
	Narrator	I look down.
	Narrator	Her fists are clenched really tightly.
	MC	Hey, Natsuki.
	MC	If you're not careful, you'll rip your own poem.
	Narrator	I gently grab the poem with my own hand until she relaxes her grip on it.
	Narrator	I place it flat on the desk and smooth out the wrinkles that she put into it.
	Natsuki	D-Don't read it!
	Narrator	Before I can pick it back up, Natsuki snatches the poem up from the desk.
	Natsuki	It's not any good.
	Natsuki	And I know you hate my poems.
	Natsuki	So you don't have to read this one, okay?
	MC	But I want to read it.
	Natsuki	W-Why?
	MC	Because.
	MC	I like your poems.
	MC	I really do.
	MC	Why would I judge you for your style?
	MC	It's not like my own style is anything crazy.
	MC	I mean, it's true that the first time I read one of your poems, I didn't look much into it.
	MC	But I know you better now.
	MC	And it's wrong for Yuri to think your style is more amateur than hers.
	MC	And Sayori... She always means well...
	MC	But sometimes she's so focused on simple happiness that she doesn't understand what people really want.
	MC	Yeah... I guess I never really thought about how hard it is for you.
	MC	And I'm sorry if I was part of that problem.
	MC	I understand now.
	MC	You're not just cute, you're a lot more than that.
	MC	Ah-- Natsuki, you're doing it again--
	Narrator	Once again, Natsuki clutches her poem a little too hard.
	Narrator	She looks down, hiding her eyes from me.
	Narrator	I never realized how difficult this was for her.
	Narrator	But finally, she forces herself to extend her arms and set her poem on the table.
	Natsuki	You can...read it.
	Natsuki	Just turn that way.
	Natsuki	I don't want you to...look at my face right now.
	MC	Okay, I will.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Finally!
	MC	Eh?
	Natsuki	This one. It's good!
	Natsuki	I was wondering how long it would take you.
	MC	All right!
	Natsuki	Yeah, seriously.
	Natsuki	Don't listen to what anyone else says.
	Natsuki	Especially Yuri.
	Natsuki	Just keep writing poems like this. That's all you need!
	MC	Er...
	MC	Are you sure that's not just what {i}you{/i} want?
	Natsuki	Excuse me?
	Natsuki	You're talking to a pro, you know.
	Natsuki	Don't you think you should trust my opinion the most?
	MC	I guess that depends.
	MC	Aren't you biased towards poems that are more simple and cute?
	Natsuki	Biased?
	Natsuki	Of course not.
	Natsuki	My opinion just happens to be the best.
	MC	...
	Narrator	There's one thing I still can't tell.
	Narrator	Is Natsuki actually self-aware of her spoiled behavior?
	Narrator	At this rate, I don't know if I'll ever figure it out.
	MC	...Fair enough.
	MC	I'm glad that you like my poem, after all.
	Natsuki	Ahaha!
	Natsuki	I knew you'd finally understand.
	Natsuki	Just keep showing me your poems and you'll be a pro before you know it.
	Natsuki	Anyway, here's the one I wrote.
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	...Wow!
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	Your poem is really bad!
	Sayori	Ahahaha!
	MC	Eh?!
	Sayori	It's fine, it's fine~
	Sayori	It's your first time.
	Sayori	Besides...
	Sayori	I'm really happy just that you wrote one.
	Sayori	It just reminds me of how you're really a part of the club now~
	Narrator	(Not to mention the fact that I'm standing in front of you in the clubroom...?)
	MC	Er...well, of course.
	MC	I'm not really into it yet, but that doesn't mean I'll break my promise.
	Sayori	See?
	Sayori	It's like I said before, [player]...
	Sayori	Deep down, you're not selfish at all, you know?
	Sayori	Trying new things like this for other people...
	Sayori	That's something that only really good people do!
	MC	Thanks...Sayori.
	Narrator	...I'm not sure if Sayori sees the full picture of my motive here.
	Narrator	Then again...
	Narrator	I can't deny that she's part of the reason I joined.
	Narrator	Knowing how much this means to her and all...
	Sayori	Yeah.
	Sayori	And I'm gonna make sure you have lots of fun here, okay?
	Sayori	That will be my way of thanking you~
	MC	Alright, I'm going to hold you to that, then.
	Sayori	Yay~!
	Sayori	Now, you'll read my poem too, right?
	Sayori	Don't worry, I'm really bad at this.
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	We'll see about that.
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	This is a good poem, [player]!
	Sayori	Are you sure it's your first time?
	MC	Of course...
	MC	It's not that good.
	MC	Am I the kind of guy who would be writing poems in his spare time?
	Sayori	Ehehe, I guess you're right~
	Sayori	But that's why it impressed me!
	Sayori	Well, to be honest...
	Sayori	I was afraid that you wouldn't do it seriously...
	Sayori	Or that you wouldn't write one at all.
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	...Oh my goodness!
	Sayori	This is sooooo good, [player]!
	MC	Eh?
	Sayori	I love it~!
	Sayori	I had no idea you were such a good writer!
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	You must be seriously overreacting.
	MC	I'm not a good writer at all.
	MC	I honestly have no idea what I'm doing.
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	Maybe that's why!
	Sayori	Because I have no idea what I like, either!
	Sayori	Ahahaha!
	MC	Jeez...
	Narrator	Yuri's opinion was way more constructive than this...
	Narrator	I'm sure Yuri's opinion has to be a little more constructive than this.
	Narrator	Maybe even Natsuki's.
	MC	Are you sure you don't like it just because I wrote it?
	Sayori	Eh?
	Sayori	Well, I'm sure that's part of it.
	Sayori	I think I understand you better than a lot of other people, you know?
	Sayori	So when I read your poem...
	Sayori	It's not just a poem...
	Sayori	It's a [player] poem!
	Sayori	And that makes it feel extra special!
	Sayori	Like I can feel your feelings in it~
	Narrator	Sayori hugs the sheet against her chest.
	MC	You're so weird, Sayori...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	Ehehe, I love reading your poems~
	Sayori	It's like I never know what I'm going to get!
	MC	So basically you're saying it sucks.
	Sayori	No! Not at all!
	Sayori	...Maybe!
	Sayori	Just a little?
	Sayori	Yuri must have spoiled me a little bit with her poems...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	It's fine, it's fine.
	MC	After all, I still have no idea what kinds of writing you even like.
	Sayori	Yeah!
	Sayori	Me neither!
	MC	Ugh...
	MC	Why don't you at least try giving it some thought?
	Sayori	Aww, you want to write something for me?
	Sayori	That's so sweet~
	MC	Yeah, right.
	MC	But you're always thinking about other people.
	MC	You need to think about yourself once in a while.
	MC	If you don't, you might end up getting hurt at some point.
	Sayori	Ehh?
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	I don't really know what you mean, but I'll try to keep it in mind!
	MC	Well, whatever...
	Sayori	Anyway, let's see...
	Sayori	Hmm...
	Sayori	I guess I like...happy poems~
	Sayori	Wait, sometimes I like sad poems too...
	Sayori	Sometimes a little bit of both...
	Sayori	There's a word for that, right...?
	Sayori	What's the word I'm looking for...
	Sayori	...Bittersweet!
	Sayori	Yeah!
	Sayori	I like things that are happy and things that are sad.
	MC	Happy and sad?
	MC	I can't see you liking something sad, Sayori...
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	I like happy the most!
	Sayori	But sometimes when you have a little raincloud in your head...
	Sayori	A sad poem can help give the raincloud a little hug...
	Sayori	...And make a nice happy rainbow!
	MC	...Sayori, that's unexpectedly poetic.
	Sayori	Eh? It is?
	Sayori	Maybe I'm getting better at expressing my feelings after all!
	Sayori	Thanks, [player]!
	Sayori	I should go write that down, then~
	Sayori	You can read my poem now, okay?
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	Ooh!
	Sayori	I like this one, [player]!
	Sayori	It has some nice feelings in it~
	MC	Ah, I'm glad.
	MC	So it's at least better than yesterday's.
	Sayori	Uh-huh!
	MC	Maybe I'm getting better at this, then.
	Sayori	Well, I'm not very good at figuring out if poems are good or bad...
	Sayori	But that's why I just go by my heart~
	Sayori	If it makes me feel things, then it must be a good poem!
	Narrator	I'm not sure that's exactly how it works...
	Narrator	...Then again, I guess conveying feelings is a pretty important part of this whole thing.
	MC	Yeah, maybe...
	MC	Honestly, I don't even know what kind of writing you like in the first place.
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	Ooh!
	Sayori	I like this one, [player]!
	Sayori	It has some nice feelings in it~
	MC	Ah, I'm glad.
	MC	Does that mean it's better than yesterday's?
	Sayori	Mmm, lemme think...
	Sayori	I dunno!
	Sayori	I guess I like them both!
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	MC	That's not very helpful, you know...
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	Ooh!
	Sayori	I like this one, [player]!
	Sayori	It has some nice feelings in it~
	MC	Ah, I'm glad.
	MC	Still, though...
	MC	Your tone makes it sound like you liked yesterday's poem better.
	Sayori	Ehehe, I guess you caught me...
	Sayori	Sometimes you know me a little too well for my own good!
	MC	Well, don't just try to be nice about it.
	MC	If I'm doing a bad job then I'd rather just hear it.
	Sayori	No, no!
	Sayori	I still liked this one! I promise!
	Sayori	You know I wouldn't lie to you, [player]...!
	Sayori	Never ever!
	MC	Yeah, I guess so...
	MC	What made yesterday's poem so great compared to this one, then?
	Sayori	Umm.....
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	...Oh my goodness!
	Sayori	This is sooooo good, [player]!
	MC	Eh?
	Sayori	I love it~!
	Sayori	Especially after yesterday's poem!
	MC	Ugh...
	MC	You're too honest sometimes, Sayori.
	Sayori	No, but really!!
	Sayori	I wanna put this on my wall~
	Sayori	Can I?
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	You must be seriously overreacting.
	MC	I'm not a good writer at all.
	MC	I honestly have no idea what I'm doing.
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	Maybe that's why!
	Sayori	Because I have no idea what I like, either!
	Sayori	Ahahaha!
	MC	Jeez...
	Narrator	I'm sure Yuri's opinion has to be a little more constructive than this.
	Narrator	Maybe even Natsuki's.
	MC	Are you sure you don't like it just because I wrote it?
	Sayori	Eh?
	Sayori	Well, I'm sure that's part of it.
	Sayori	I think I understand you better than a lot of other people, you know?
	Sayori	So when I read your poem...
	Sayori	It's not just a poem...
	Sayori	It's a [player] poem!
	Sayori	And that makes it feel extra special!
	Sayori	Like I can feel your feelings in it~
	Narrator	Sayori hugs the sheet against her chest.
	MC	You're so weird, Sayori...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	I really love your poems.
	Sayori	I can't believe you've been hiding these from me!
	MC	Eh? I'm not hiding anything!
	Sayori	But...
	Sayori	Your poems are sooo good...
	Sayori	Yesterday's, and this one too!
	Sayori	You can't tell me you haven't done this before!
	MC	I mean...
	MC	You're really the only one who feels that way, so...
	Sayori	Eh?!
	Sayori	No way!!
	Sayori	Not even Natsuki...?
	MC	Well, I guess Natsuki is the least likely to admit how much she likes something...
	MC	But I don't think it's that.
	Sayori	What do you mean?
	MC	Well...
	MC	I guess I'll be honest about it.
	MC	It's a lot easier to write poems when I'm thinking about you.
	Sayori	E-Eh?!
	Sayori	Wawawa--!
	MC	Stop thinking weird things, idiot!
	MC	I just mean that you're a really...expressive person, I guess.
	MC	How am I supposed to write poems about my own stupid life?
	MC	But you somehow make everything in your life an adventure.
	MC	Even the little things.
	Sayori	Like cooking!!
	MC	Let's not talk about that!
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	So, yeah...
	MC	I guess what I'm saying is that I can feel more feelings through you than I can through myself.
	MC	We have that kind of weird connection.
	MC	It's your fault for getting in my business all the time.
	Sayori	Ehh...?
	Sayori	I don't know if I understand...
	MC	Sigh...
	MC	You never understand when I try to explain things to you, do you, Sayori?
	Narrator	I pat Sayori's head.
	Sayori	Ahaha! Heyyy!
	Sayori	I'm not a kid, you know!
	MC	Are you sure about that?
	Sayori	Mmmm, maybe~
	Narrator	Sayori starts fiddling with her pencil between her hands.
	Sayori	Hey, [player]...
	Sayori	Will you give me your poem?
	Sayori	I kinda want to keep it.
	MC	Huh? Why?
	Sayori	Because...
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	It's the first time you've written something for me...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	!!
	MC	Sayori, you completely misunderstood!
	MC	I didn't write this for you!
	Sayori	Ehehehehe...
	MC	Sigh...
	MC	Are you even listening anymore?
	MC	Well, whatever.
	MC	I'll give it to you when we go home.
	Sayori	Really?!
	Narrator	{i}Snap!{/i}
	Sayori	A-Ah!!
	Sayori	I broke my pencil...
	Narrator	Sayori hastily bends down to pick up the piece she dropped.
	Narrator	But being inattentive of her surroundings, she bumps right into me.
	Sayori	S-S-Sorry--!!
	MC	It's fine, it's fine.
	MC	I'll get it for you.
	Narrator	I bend down and pick up the broken pencil.
	Narrator	Sayori clutches the desk beside her to support herself, knees shaking.
	Sayori	I-I'm a little clumsy today...
	Sayori	Ahahaha...
	MC	Let's sit down, Sayori...
	Sayori	Y-Yeah...
	Narrator	I grab Sayori's arm and help her sit at the desk.
	MC	Anyway, I still haven't read your poem...
	Sayori	Oh!
	Sayori	Sorry, I forgot about that~
	Sayori	But it's not as good as yours!!
	MC	Jeez, don't worry.
	MC	I'm sure I'll like it.
	Narrator	Yuri
	Narrator	Natsuki
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	...Hm.
	Sayori	It's nice, I guess~
	MC	Come on, I can already tell you don't like it.
	Sayori	Well...
	Sayori	You don't need to worry about what I think.
	Sayori	After all, you wrote this for someone else, didn't you?
	Sayori	Probably [currentname]...
	MC	Eh??
	MC	I didn't write this for anyone specifically!
	Sayori	Maybe...
	Sayori	That's not really what I meant, though.
	Sayori	But it's okay.
	Sayori	You're making new friends, just like I was hoping.
	Sayori	That makes me...really happy.
	Sayori	And you're happy too, right?
	Sayori	In this club?
	MC	Well...
	MC	Of course I am.
	Sayori	Good~
	Sayori	That's all that matters to me.
	Sayori	Thank you, [player].
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	Is there something wrong?
	Sayori	Huh?
	Sayori	No, nothing.
	Sayori	I'm just a little tired today.
	Sayori	Ehehe.
	MC	Alright...
	MC	Just tell me if you need anything.
	Sayori	I will.
	Sayori	Don't worry about me, okay?
	Sayori	You can go play with everyone else now.
	MC	If you insist...
	Sayori	Yaay~
	Sayori	I'm gonna go home a little bit early today.
	MC	Sayori...?
	Sayori	Tell Monika I wasn't feeling well, okay?
	Sayori	I'll see you tomorrow~
	Narrator	Before I can say anything else, Sayori cheerfully walks out of the classroom, humming to herself.
	Narrator	sayori" and poemwinner[1] != "sayori
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	This is your best one so far.
	Sayori	It's really really nice, [player]~
	MC	Er-- Thanks.
	Sayori	Mhm~
	MC	...
	MC	Sayori, you've been a little quiet today.
	MC	Is everything alright?
	Sayori	E-Eh??
	Sayori	Of course!
	Sayori	Everything is fine~
	Sayori	Maybe I'm just a little tired today.
	Sayori	Ehehe.
	MC	Do you want to nap or something?
	Sayori	No, that's silly!
	Sayori	Don't worry about me, okay?
	Sayori	I only want to see smiles on your face~
	MC	Well, alright...
	Sayori	Hey, [player]...
	Sayori	I'm still a little surprised.
	Sayori	I really thought that you would try writing your poems like the way Yuri does...
	Sayori	Or even Natsuki...
	Sayori	But in the end...
	MC	...Yeah.
	MC	I guess you're the one who likes this one the most.
	Sayori	...Why?
	Sayori	You don't want to get closer with everyone else?
	MC	Wait!
	MC	Of course I do!
	MC	But that doesn't mean I need to try so hard to impress them.
	MC	I still understand you the most, Sayori.
	MC	I know you have to sometimes put up with me.
	MC	And I have to sometimes put up with you.
	MC	But we have...a wavelength or something.
	MC	And this is how the poem came out.
	MC	Sometimes it feels like you're the only exciting thing in my life.
	MC	So sometimes it's just easier to write when thinking about you.
	MC	...Sayori?
	Sayori	N-No...
	Sayori	[player]...
	Sayori	I don't...deserve this...
	Sayori	You're too nice to me...
	Sayori	Why are you doing this...?
	Narrator	Sayori has trouble keeping her voice steady, all of a sudden.
	Sayori	If you had fun with everyone else instead...
	Sayori	This would be...so much easier!
	MC	Sayori...!
	Narrator	I glance around the room to make sure nobody has noticed this.
	MC	Sayori.
	MC	I've probably never said this before, but I don't understand what you're feeling right now.
	MC	Tell me what will cheer you up.
	Narrator	Sayori shakes her head.
	Narrator	She sniffles and keeps shaking her head.
	Narrator	Finally, she gathers herself and puts on a smile.
	Sayori	It's nothing, [player].
	Sayori	It's just a little raincloud.
	Sayori	I'm sorry you had to see that. Ahahaha!
	Sayori	I promise it won't happen again.
	Sayori	Just smiles from everyone, okay?
	Sayori	That's all that matters.
	Sayori	Go play with everyone else.
	Sayori	I'm gonna go home a little bit early today~
	MC	Sayori--
	Sayori	Tell Monika I wasn't feeling well, okay?
	Sayori	I'll see you tomorrow~
	Narrator	Before I can say anything else, Sayori cheerfully walks out of the classroom, humming to herself.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	Mm...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri stares at the poem.
	Narrator	A minute passes, more than enough time for her to finish reading.
	MC	Um...
	Yuri	Oh!
	Yuri	S-Sorry...!
	Yuri	I forgot to start speaking...
	Yuri	U-Um!
	MC	It's fine, don't force yourself.
	Yuri	I'm not...
	Yuri	I just need to put my thoughts into words.
	Yuri	Hold on...
	Yuri	...Okay.
	Yuri	This is your first time writing a poem, right?
	MC	Er, yeah...
	MC	Why do you ask?
	Yuri	I'm just making sure.
	Yuri	I guessed that it might be after reading through it.
	MC	Ah, so it's that bad.
	Yuri	No!!
	Yuri	...Did I just raise my voice...?
	Yuri	Uu, I'm so sorry...
	Narrator	Yuri buries her face in her hands.
	Narrator	I couldn't help but notice that it's been several minutes and we really haven't gotten anywhere.
	Narrator	It might take Yuri a while to get used to new people...
	MC	It's fine, I really didn't notice.
	MC	What were you saying?
	Yuri	Right...um...
	Yuri	It's just that there are specific writing habits that are usually typical of new writers.
	Yuri	And having been through that myself, I kind of learned to pick up on them.
	Yuri	I think the most noticeable thing I recognize in new writers is that they try to make their style very deliberate.
	Yuri	In other words, they tend to pick a writing style separate from the topic matter, and they form-fit the two together.
	Yuri	The end result is that both the style and the expressiveness are weakened.
	Narrator	Once Yuri finds her train of thought, it's as if her demeanor totally changes.
	Narrator	Her stammering is completely gone, and she sounds like an expert.
	Yuri	Of course, that's not something you can be blamed for.
	Yuri	There are so many different skills and techniques that go into writing even a simple poem.
	Yuri	Not just finding them and building them, but getting them to work together is probably the most challenging part.
	Yuri	It might take you some time, but it all comes with practice, and learning by example, and trying new things.
	Yuri	I also hope that everyone else in the club gives you valuable feedback.
	Yuri	Natsuki can be a little bit biased, though...
	MC	Biased? How?
	Yuri	U-Um...
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	Never mind...
	Yuri	I shouldn't be talking about people like that...
	Yuri	Sorry...
	MC	It's fine.
	Narrator	I'm not sure if Yuri is apologizing to herself, to me, or to Natsuki.
	MC	Do you mind if I read your poem now?
	Yuri	Please do!
	Yuri	I'd love to share my thought process behind it...
	Narrator	Yuri smiles dreamily, as if that's a rare opportunity for her.
	Narrator	Which itself is kind of funny...
	Narrator	...After all, isn't this supposed to be a literature club?
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	As Yuri reads the poem, I notice her eyes lighten.
	Yuri	...Exceptional.
	MC	Eh? What was that?
	Yuri	...?
	Yuri	D-Did I say that out loud...?
	Narrator	Yuri first covers her mouth, but then ends up covering her whole face.
	Yuri	I...!
	Yuri	Uu...
	Yuri	{i}(He's going to hate me...){/i}
	MC	Um...
	MC	You really didn't do anything wrong, Yuri...
	Yuri	Eh...?
	Yuri	That's...
	Yuri	I-I guess you're right...
	Yuri	What am I getting so nervous for?
	Yuri	A-Ahaha...
	Narrator	Yuri takes a breath.
	Yuri	So...
	Yuri	What kind of writing experience do you have?
	Yuri	Your use of imagery and metaphors indicates you've written a lot of poetry before.
	MC	Really...?
	MC	Wow, that's a huge compliment coming from you.
	MC	This is actually my first time, really.
	Yuri	Huh...?
	Narrator	Yuri stares at me blankly, then looks at my poem again.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	...Well, I know that!
	Yuri	I just meant...u-um...
	Narrator	Yuri trails off, unable to find an excuse.
	Narrator	She traces her finger along the words in the poem, as if breaking it down more thoroughly.
	Yuri	...Yeah.
	Yuri	Okay.
	Yuri	This is the reason I was able to tell.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	Um...
	Yuri	...Are you still mad at me?
	MC	Eh?!
	Yuri	For disrespecting Natsuki yesterday...
	Yuri	Because reading this poem...
	Yuri	Now I know why you got mad at me.
	Yuri	Because you...
	Yuri	You prefer her writing over mine!
	MC	That's not really true...!
	Yuri	Meaning when I disrespected her...
	Yuri	I disrespected you too...didn't I?
	Yuri	Oh no...
	MC	Yuri...
	MC	You might be reading into this a little too much...
	Yuri	How could I be so stupid...?
	Yuri	I always let these things happen...
	Yuri	Whenever I think before I speak, I just come off as awkward and unlikable.
	Yuri	But if I speak without thinking, the things I want to keep inside come out and make people hate me.
	Yuri	So...please don't force yourself to be around me.
	Yuri	I know this is what Monika wants.
	Yuri	But it's not fair to you when you could be enjoying your time with Natsuki and Sayori.
	MC	Yuri--
	Yuri	Please...
	Yuri	It makes it easier for me if you don't express any concern.
	Yuri	Besides...
	Yuri	I have my books with me.
	Yuri	That's...all I need.
	MC	...
	Narrator	Yuri smiles sadly and puts her head down on her desk.
	Narrator	I'm frustrated.
	Narrator	I don't hate her, but it's as if she's not capable of listening to me over her own thoughts.
	Narrator	I sigh to myself.
	Narrator	All I can do is accept that that's how she is.
	Narrator	If she wants to be left alone, then I have no choice but to abide to that request.
	Yuri	Ah, is it my turn?
	Yuri	Let's see how it compares to yesterday's...
	Yuri	Mm...
	Yuri	I see...
	Yuri	It's a bit different.
	Yuri	I respect you for trying different things, [player].
	Yuri	Were you inspired by Natsuki's poem?
	Yuri	Or Sayori's, perhaps?
	MC	Well...
	MC	I guess you could say that...
	Yuri	I thought so.
	Yuri	I'm happy for you.
	Yuri	You don't need to find inspiration in my poems.
	Yuri	I write them for myself...
	Yuri	...Not for anyone else.
	Yuri	So I don't really...need for people to like them or anything.
	MC	Yuri!
	Yuri	E-Eh?
	MC	I'm sorry for being blunt, but you're overthinking this a little.
	MC	Just because our styles are different doesn't mean I dislike your poems...
	MC	In fact, if I tried to do something in your style, I would probably just do a terrible job.
	Yuri	I...I see...
	Yuri	I'm sorry...
	Yuri	My stupid mind...it likes to do that sometimes.
	Yuri	Anyway...
	Yuri	You don't need to be afraid to be a little more daring...
	Yuri	Metaphors can go a long way.
	Yuri	Don't feel like you need to work your brain like turning a bunch of gears.
	Yuri	Try letting your mind wander through your feelings...
	Yuri	And write down the things you see and hear.
	Yuri	That's one way to truly enable your reader to see into your mind.
	Yuri	It's a very intimate exercise...
	MC	I see.
	MC	That's a certainly interesting technique.
	MC	Thanks for sharing.
	Yuri	I have, um...
	Yuri	...Well, an example of that, if you'd like to read it...
	MC	Of course.
	MC	Is this the poem you wrote for today?
	Narrator	Yuri nods, and timidly hands me her poem.
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	Mm...
	Yuri	Well done, [player].
	Yuri	Your skills are already improving.
	MC	Really?
	MC	Thanks, Yuri.
	MC	Coming from you, that means a lot.
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	I-It's nothing!
	Yuri	I'm just happy to help inspire fellow writers...
	Yuri	I know you're new to this, so don't worry so much if it seems like you can't get your poem to feel perfect.
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	Mm...
	Yuri	This is pretty good, [player].
	Yuri	Were you influenced by seeing everyone's writing styles yesterday?
	MC	I guess you could say that...
	Yuri	I was also a bit surprised by how differently everyone writes.
	Yuri	So I respect you for trying new things.
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	......
	Narrator	Yuri stares at the poem with a surprised expression on her face.
	MC	Do you...like it?
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	...How did you pick up on this so quickly?
	Yuri	Just yesterday, I was telling you the kind of techniques worth practicing...
	MC	Maybe that's why...
	MC	You did a good job explaining.
	MC	I really wanted to try giving it more imagery.
	Narrator	Yuri visibly swallows.
	Narrator	Even her hands appear sweaty.
	Yuri	I'm not...used to this...
	MC	Used to what?
	Yuri	I don't know...!
	MC	It's fine, take your time...
	Narrator	Yuri breathes and collects her thoughts.
	Narrator	I know that Yuri likes to think before she speaks, so I offer that patience to her.
	Yuri	Yeah...
	Yuri	Just...being appreciated like this...I guess.
	Yuri	It probably sounds really stupid...
	Yuri	But seeing someone motivated by my writing...
	Yuri	It just makes me...
	Yuri	Really happy...
	MC	Are you saying you've never shared your writing before?
	Narrator	Yuri nods.
	MC	Really? I don't believe it.
	Yuri	I really only write for myself...
	Yuri	And besides...
	Yuri	...People would just laugh at me!
	MC	Do you really think that...?
	Narrator	Again, Yuri nods.
	MC	Huh...
	MC	Even your close friends?
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri doesn't respond to that.
	Narrator	I wonder why...
	MC	Anyway...
	MC	Do you want to share the poem you wrote today?
	Yuri	...Yeah.
	Yuri	I do!
	Yuri	If it's with you...
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	......
	Narrator	Yuri stares at the poem with a surprised expression on her face.
	MC	Do you...like it?
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	This one might even be better than yesterday's...
	Yuri	...How did you even pick up on this so quickly?
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri doesn't look too enthusiastic about spending time with me...
	Narrator	I guess if she changes her mind, she'll come to me.
	Narrator	But I should leave her be for now.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	...I see.
	Yuri	I think you're improving at writing in general, [player].
	Yuri	But I can't help but feel a little bit foolish.
	MC	Eh? What for?
	Yuri	Just...
	Yuri	I feel like I kept trying to offer advice...
	Yuri	When it should have been clear to me that you prefer a different writing style.
	Yuri	I probably just sounded arrogant!
	Yuri	I'm so stupid...
	MC	Yuri, that's a little--
	Yuri	No...
	Yuri	You don't understand.
	Yuri	I spent so much time worrying about what's better and what's worse.
	Yuri	Not just with you...
	Yuri	With Natsuki, and Sayori...
	Yuri	It's obvious now why nobody has fun when talking to me...
	Yuri	And because of that...
	Yuri	...I'll just keep my mouth shut about your poem!
	MC	...
	Narrator	Yuri buries her head into her arms on her desk.
	Narrator	That's not the first time I've seen her do that.
	MC	I don't think it's ever as bad as you make it sound in your head...
	Yuri	...
	MC	I think if people really didn't like talking to you...
	MC	Then it would be a lot more obvious.
	MC	I know that you like to read deeply into things.
	MC	But some things are just worth taking at face value.
	Yuri	I just...
	Yuri	I've gotten so used to it...
	Yuri	...That it's hard for me to comprehend any other possibility.
	MC	Gotten used to what?
	MC	Reading deeply into things?
	Yuri	Being disliked.
	MC	Yuri...
	Yuri	What...what am I saying?
	Yuri	I'm sorry...
	Yuri	I never meant to bring this up...
	Narrator	Yuri turns away from me.
	Yuri	You should go...
	MC	Eh...?
	Yuri	Please...
	Yuri	Please don't look at me right now.
	Yuri	I want to do some thinking...
	MC	Are you sure...?
	Narrator	Yuri nods.
	MC	Alright...
	Narrator	I leave Yuri be.
	Narrator	Comforting or reassuring her is nearly impossible as it is.
	Narrator	So when she wants to be alone, I think anything I say could only make things worse.
	Narrator	I feel bad, but thankfully she doesn't take it out on me...
	Narrator	I'll wait until she's feeling a little bit better.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	...Ah.
	Yuri	Decided to try something different today?
	MC	I guess so.
	MC	Is that good, or bad?
	Yuri	Well, neither.
	Yuri	I have my preferences.
	Yuri	But it would be unfair of me to call something good or bad based on that.
	Yuri	As always, I believe what's most important is exploring and discovering yourself.
	MC	That's comforting.
	MC	I'm kind of afraid of disappointing you in some way or another.
	Yuri	Eh...?
	Yuri	Why me...?
	MC	Well, you're always sophisticated with your writing and have the most advice to share.
	Yuri	Is that so...?
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri thinks for a good minute.
	Yuri	...That must be terrible.
	MC	Eh?
	Yuri	For me to have become someone whose opinion is fearsome...
	Yuri	How unlikable of me...
	MC	Yuri...
	MC	It's not as bad as you're making it sound in your head.
	MC	I just meant that I respect your opinion.
	Yuri	I see...
	Yuri	I'm sorry that I always overthink and come to those sorts of conclusions...
	Yuri	I'm just...a little too used to it.
	MC	Overthinking?
	Yuri	Being disliked.
	MC	Yuri...
	Yuri	What...what am I saying?
	Yuri	I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bring that up...
	Yuri	Let's move on...
	MC	Alright...
	MC	Do you want to share your poem now?
	Yuri	Okay...
	Yuri	Here.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	Well done, [player].
	Yuri	You've definitely improved your writing over the course of these few days.
	Yuri	Has my advice been helpful to you?
	MC	Yeah... Definitely.
	Yuri	I'm glad...
	Yuri	Sharing our writing like this...
	Yuri	It's a lot more fun and rewarding than I anticipated.
	Yuri	I need to remember to thank Monika...
	Yuri	I think we all felt a little awkward at first.
	Yuri	But now it seems like everyone is enjoying sharing their writing and seeing what others think.
	MC	I guess I can't really disagree.
	MC	I was afraid this whole thing would be a chore...
	Narrator	But it's a great way for me to spend some personal time with all the girls in the club.
	MC	But it's been fun getting to know everyone and their writing.
	MC	And I guess doing some writing myself...
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	Have you learned anything about yourself, [player]?
	MC	Eh?
	Yuri	Well, you know how I like to say that writing is a very personal way to get in touch with yourself...
	Yuri	In the end, it doesn't matter if you're a good writer, or a bad writer.
	Yuri	And even my opinions are just opinions...you know?
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	...Ah.
	Yuri	Decided to try something different today?
	MC	I guess so.
	MC	Is that good, or bad?
	Yuri	Well, neither.
	Yuri	I have my preferences.
	Yuri	But it would be unfair of me to call something good or bad based on that.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	...This is wonderful.
	Yuri	I can feel the emotion that you poured into it.
	Yuri	Is this the result of trying what I suggested yesterday?
	MC	Yeah, I guess so...
	MC	You did a good job explaining.
	MC	I really wanted to try giving it more feeling.
	Narrator	Yuri visibly swallows.
	Narrator	Even her hands appear sweaty.
	Yuri	I'm not...used to this...
	MC	Used to what?
	Yuri	I don't know...!
	MC	It's fine, take your time...
	Narrator	Yuri breathes and collects her thoughts.
	Narrator	I know that Yuri likes to think before she speaks, so I offer that patience to her.
	Yuri	Yeah...
	Yuri	Just...being appreciated like this...I guess.
	Yuri	It probably sounds really stupid...
	Yuri	But seeing someone motivated by my writing...
	Yuri	It just makes me...
	Yuri	Really happy...
	MC	Are you saying you've never shared your writing before?
	Narrator	Yuri nods.
	MC	Really? I don't believe it.
	Yuri	I really only write for myself...
	Yuri	And besides...
	Yuri	...People would just laugh at me!
	MC	Do you really think that...?
	Narrator	Again, Yuri nods.
	MC	Huh...
	MC	Even your close friends?
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	For some reason, Yuri doesn't respond.
	MC	Yuri...?
	Narrator	Yuri smiles sadly.
	Yuri	[player], during lunchtime, I eat by myself.
	Yuri	Did you know that?
	Yuri	It's a great time to find a quiet spot and do some reading.
	Yuri	In fact...
	Yuri	I always have some books with me.
	Yuri	You could say I really enjoy reading...
	Yuri	...Well, that's one way to put it, anyway...
	Yuri	But...
	Yuri	Books are so full of amazing and inspiring people.
	Yuri	People you want to fall in love with.
	Yuri	Or people you just know would make a really good friend.
	Yuri	Cheerful people, who always put a smile on your face...
	Yuri	Or deep thinkers, and problem solvers, who discover the mysteries of life.
	Yuri	So when you look at it that way...
	Yuri	I'm surrounded by friends every day...
	Yuri	...You know?
	Yuri	And those friends don't laugh at me...
	Yuri	They don't tease me for spacing out all the time...
	Yuri	They don't make fun of my body type...
	Yuri	And...
	Yuri	...And they don't hate me for acting like a know-it-all!
	MC	People...say that about you?
	Yuri	I'm not a know-it-all, [player]!
	Yuri	It's the opposite. I don't know anything!
	Yuri	I don't know how to talk to people.
	Yuri	I don't know how to make people see me as normal.
	Yuri	I don't even know how to make myself happy!
	Yuri	I have all these feelings...
	Yuri	And all I can do with them is read, and write...
	Yuri	But it wasn't until now...
	Yuri	That I started sharing it with you...
	Yuri	...That I really understood what was missing all this time.
	MC	But I haven't really done anything...
	Yuri	No...
	Yuri	That's wrong.
	Yuri	Just being patient and respectful...
	Yuri	That's really...important to me.
	Yuri	I know I'm a difficult person, [player]...
	Yuri	I speak too slowly...
	Yuri	I second-guess myself all the time...
	Yuri	I read too deeply into things...
	Yuri	But every time...
	Yuri	You've always treated me just like anyone else.
	Yuri	It's so rare that I feel comfortable with myself when I talk to others...
	Yuri	But that's why every time I talk to you...
	Yuri	...I just feel really happy.
	MC	I see...
	MC	Well, I treat you how you deserve to be treated, Yuri.
	MC	And if other people don't see it that way, then screw them.
	MC	I mean, I joined this club hoping I would make friends.
	MC	And I would say I've had at least one success.
	MC	Wouldn't you?
	Yuri	U-Um...
	Yuri	If you put it that way...
	Yuri	...Yeah...
	Yuri	We really are friends now, aren't we?
	Narrator	Yuri puts her head in her hands.
	Narrator	But this time, she's smiling as she does it.
	MC	Do you want to show me your poem?
	Yuri	Yeah.
	Yuri	I do!
	Yuri	Let me get it for you...
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	[player].
	Yuri	Your writing has only improved in these last few days.
	Yuri	Every poem you've shown me has been nothing short of spectacular.
	Yuri	I can really feel the emotions...
	Yuri	I'm a little envious, even...
	Yuri	I don't think it ever came to me this naturally.
	MC	Yuri, that's the wrong way to put it.
	MC	This never did come naturally to me.
	MC	But I've been able to improve so much thanks to you.
	MC	You're really the example I was chasing after.
	Yuri	I-Is that so...?
	Narrator	Yuri gently smiles to herself.
	Yuri	This feeling...
	Yuri	I'm so glad...I got the chance to share my writing.
	Yuri	I never thought it would feel like this.
	MC	I remember you mentioning that yesterday.
	MC	I can't believe that you're so good at something and you've never even shared it with anyone.
	MC	It's kind of a shame.
	Yuri	Maybe, but...
	Yuri	It's not like I really...had a choice.
	MC	What do you mean...?
	Yuri	Well...
	Monika	Hi, [player]!
	Monika	Having a good time so far?
	MC	Ah...yeah.
	Monika	Good! Glad to hear it!
	Monika	By the way, since you're new and everything...
	Monika	If you ever have any suggestions for the club, like new activities, or things we can do better...
	Monika	I'm always listening!
	Monika	Don't be afraid to bring things up, okay?
	MC	Alright...I'll keep that in mind.
	Narrator	Of course I'll be afraid to bring things up.
	Narrator	I'm much better off just going with the flow until I'm more settled in.
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	Want to share your poem with me?
	MC	It's kind of embarrassing, but I guess I have to.
	Monika	Ahahaha!
	Monika	Don't worry, [player]!
	Monika	We're all a little embarrassed today, you know?
	Monika	But it's that sort of barrier that we'll all learn to get past soon.
	MC	Yeah, that's true.
	Narrator	I hand Monika my poem.
	Monika	...Mhm!
	Narrator	m_" + poemwinner[0] + "_" + str(eval(poemwinner[0][0] + "_appeal
	MC	I'm sure I'll end up trying different things a lot.
	MC	It could take a while before I feel comfortable doing this.
	Monika	That's okay!
	Monika	I'd love to see you try new things.
	Monika	That's the best way to find the kind of style that suits you.
	Monika	Everyone else might be a little bit biased toward their own kinds of styles...
	Monika	But I'll always help you find what suits you the most!
	Monika	So don't force yourself to write the way everyone else wants you to write.
	Monika	It's not like you have to worry about impressing them or anything.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	MC	Ahaha...
	Monika	Anyway, do you want to read my poem now?
	Monika	Don't worry, I'm not very good...
	MC	You sound pretty confident for someone who claims to not be very good.
	Monika	Well...that's 'cause I have to sound confident.
	Monika	That doesn't mean I always feel that way, you know?
	MC	I see...
	MC	Well, let's read it, then.
	Monika	Hi again, [player]!
	Monika	How's the writing going?
	MC	Alright, I guess...
	Monika	I'll take that.
	Monika	As long as it's not going bad!
	Monika	I'm happy that you're applying yourself.
	Monika	Maybe soon you'll come up with a masterpiece!
	MC	Ahaha, I wouldn't count on that...
	Monika	You never know!
	Monika	Want to share what you wrote for today?
	MC	Sure... Here you go.
	Narrator	I give my poem to Monika.
	Monika	...
	Monika	...Alright!
	Narrator	m_" + poemwinner[1] + "_" + str(eval(poemwinner[1][0] + "_appeal
	Monika	But anyway...
	Monika	You want to read my poem now?
	Monika	I like the way this one turned out, so I hope you do too~
	MC	Alright, let's take a look.
	Monika	Hi [player]~
	Monika	Have you thought about what you want to submit to perform at the festival?
	MC	Well...
	Narrator	Being in this club is one thing, but performing in front of a bunch of people...
	MC	...I'll have to give it some more thought.
	Monika	Okay, no pressure!
	Monika	But whatever you do, I'm sure it'll turn out great.
	Monika	It would also make me happy to see.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	Anyway, let's take a look at today's poem!
	MC	Sure...
	Narrator	I let Monika take the poem I'm holding in my hands.
	Monika	...
	Narrator	m_" + poemwinner[2] + "_" + str(eval(poemwinner[2][0] + "_appeal
	Monika	Anyway...!
	Monika	I'll share my poem with you now, alright?
	MC	Er...
	MC	Alright...
	Monika	I like it, [player]!
	MC	Really...?
	Monika	It's a lot cuter than I expected.
	Monika	Ahahaha!
	MC	Oh jeez...
	Monika	No, no!
	Monika	It kind of makes me think of something Natsuki would write.
	Monika	And she's a good writer, too.
	Monika	So take that as a compliment!
	MC	Ahaha...
	MC	If you say so.
	Monika	Yep!
	Monika	By any chance have you read anything by Shel Silverstein?
	MC	Eh?
	MC	Maybe a long time ago...
	Monika	He's famous for telling all kinds of stories in just a few simple words.
	Monika	His poems can be funny, endearing, or even sad...
	Monika	And sometimes they're only a few lines long.
	Monika	They might even feel like they're written for kids, but if you think about them...
	Monika	They can express views of the world that would apply to anybody.
	MC	I see...
	MC	So you're saying that Natsuki is kind of like that?
	Monika	Sort of.
	Monika	Maybe she's not an expert...
	Monika	But you probably won't find much filler in her poems.
	Monika	They might be easy to write, but they're super challenging to get the meaning through.
	Monika	So I can see why it would be your kind of poem to explore!
	Monika	I like this one!
	Monika	It makes me think of something Sayori would like.
	MC	Is that so?
	Monika	You and Sayori are really good friends, right?
	Monika	I wouldn't be surprised if you had those sorts of things in common.
	MC	Ah, well...
	MC	We may be good friends, but Sayori and I are actually really different.
	Monika	Hmm...
	Monika	Well, that may be the case.
	Monika	But maybe there are also some similarities that you wouldn't expect.
	Monika	The way she talks about you...
	Monika	It sounds like the two of you really care about each other's well-being.
	Monika	Even if you show it in different ways, it ends up being more similar than you'd think.
	Monika	So I think that's the kind of vibe I get when reading your poem.
	MC	Hmm...
	MC	You sure you're not reading into it too much?
	Monika	Ahaha! I could be!
	Monika	Oh gosh, I sound like Yuri...
	Monika	...But in any case, Sayori's writing has kind of a gentle feel to it.
	Monika	I can tell that she likes exploring with emotions, like happiness and sadness.
	Monika	Who knew that someone so happy would enjoy sad things, too?
	MC	Yeah... That's totally unexpected.
	Monika	Well, to each their own~
	Monika	And you shouldn't be afraid to experiment a little bit, either.
	Monika	Great job, [player]!
	Monika	I was going 'Ooh' in my head while reading it.
	Monika	It's really metaphorical!
	Monika	I'm not sure why, but I didn't expect you to go for something so deep.
	Monika	I guess I underestimated you!
	MC	It's easiest for me to keep everyone's expectations low.
	MC	That way, it always counts when I put in some effort.
	Monika	Ahaha! That's not very fair!
	Monika	Well, I guess it worked, anyway.
	Monika	You know that Yuri likes this kind of writing, right?
	Monika	Writing that's full of imagery and symbolism.
	Monika	Unlike Sayori, who likes using simple and direct words to describe happiness and sadness...
	Monika	Yuri likes it when readers are left to derive their own meaning out of it.
	Monika	It's very challenging to write like that effectively.
	Monika	Both allowing people to get something out of it just by feel...
	Monika	Or letting them deeply analyze all of the nuances.
	Monika	It can take years of practice, which I'm assuming Yuri has at this point.
	Monika	I never really asked, though...
	MC	I'm sure I'm nowhere near her level yet.
	Monika	Don't worry so much about that!
	Monika	You do your own thing.
	Monika	Just keep exploring, and learn by trying new things!
	Monika	It's pretty good~
	Monika	You've been spending some time with Natsuki, haven't you?
	Monika	You must like her writing style.
	MC	Ah, yeah...
	MC	I think it's a neat way to tell a story.
	Monika	Mhm. I don't disagree.
	Monika	Natsuki's poems may be cute, but they're also meaningful.
	Monika	I can see why you'd be into the style.
	Monika	I guess that means you're not as much a fan of Yuri's poems, then?
	MC	Ah-- I wouldn't say that...
	MC	I kind of like everyone's poems.
	Monika	That's true, but I'm sure you like some more than others, right?
	Monika	Like Yuri's use of complex words and symbolism...
	Monika	Or Sayori's way of expressing happiness or sadness in a more direct way.
	Monika	You must have some kind of preference, don't you?
	Monika	Ah, not that it's a contest or anything!
	Monika	I was just curious, that's all.
	Monika	It's pretty good~
	Monika	It makes me think of Sayori, like the other one that you wrote.
	Monika	You two are like the dynamic duo!
	MC	Ahaha... That's kind of exaggerating it.
	Monika	Yeah, probably.
	Monika	But you do spend a lot of time with her even in this club, don't you?
	Monika	Then again, I don't blame you for being a little shy~
	MC	I-I'm not shy, it's just...
	Monika	Ahaha! I'm just teasing.
	Monika	I know it takes a bit of time to make friends with everyone.
	Monika	But Yuri and Natsuki are super interesting people, so don't be afraid to give them their share of time!
	Monika	And you can talk to me every now and then too...
	Monika	I'm not, like, unapproachable or anything, am I?
	MC	Ah, no, it's nothing like that...
	MC	I'm just still getting used to being here, that's all.
	Monika	Yeah...
	Monika	I'm sorry if I was putting pressure on you or something!
	Monika	I really didn't mean it like that.
	MC	No, don't worry.
	MC	I get what you're saying.
	Monika	Well, alright~
	Monika	This one's good!
	Monika	It feels like you're not only getting more comfortable with your style...
	Monika	But the imagery is better than the last one I read!
	Monika	Just wondering, but have you been finding inspiration in Yuri's writing style?
	MC	Hmm...
	MC	I guess so.
	MC	You can't deny that she's talented.
	Monika	Yeah, totally!
	Monika	I think her poems are the most...
	Monika	...Romantic.
	Monika	That's the best way to describe it.
	Monika	She's like a totally different person when she picks up a pen...
	MC	I noticed that, too.
	MC	Or when she's talking about literature, it's like a light turns on inside her.
	Monika	Mhm!
	Monika	Sadly, it's hard to get much personal conversation out of her...
	Monika	Trust me, I've tried...
	Monika	Who knows what goes on in that head of hers?
	MC	I hope you don't mean that in a bad way.
	Monika	No, of course not!
	Monika	I just meant that I wish she didn't keep so much to herself...
	Monika	But still, defending her like that...
	Monika	You must be pretty into her...
	MC	Eh?!
	MC	You...completely misunderstood!
	Monika	Ahaha! Calm down, I'm kidding!
	Monika	Besides, I'm pretty sure she's already got a boyfriend...
	MC	Wait, really?
	Monika	Yeah. A fictional one, anyway.
	Narrator	Monika kind of whispers that last part to me.
	Monika	It's just a hunch, but...
	MC	...Well, there's not really anything wrong with that!
	Monika	Oh, well I know...!
	Monika	I was just saying~
	Monika	Sticking with the Natsuki style once more, I see~
	Monika	Hmm...
	Monika	You really like Natsuki, don't you?
	MC	Eh? That's--
	Monika	Oh, come on, [player].
	Monika	It's awfully suspicious, you know?
	Monika	Spending time with her in the clubroom every day...
	Monika	Pretending to like the manga that she's into...
	MC	Y-You know how Natsuki is...!
	MC	If I don't indulge her, she'll end up hating me.
	Monika	Eh?
	Monika	No, I think you're misunderstanding, [player].
	Monika	It's not like Natsuki just hates anyone who doesn't give her what she wants.
	Monika	Yeah, she's assertive, but she's not that selfish...
	Monika	In fact, I think you're the only one who's indulged her as much as you have.
	MC	Is that so...
	Narrator	I kind of knew that, but I just didn't want to admit it.
	Monika	So, I just need to ask one thing of you...
	Monika	...Be careful. Please?
	Monika	Natsuki is kind of unpredictable.
	Monika	A lot of times, she doesn't even know what she wants.
	Monika	After all, she's the youngest one here.
	Monika	She might not know how to handle her own feelings properly.
	Monika	What I'm saying is...
	Monika	If something bad happens, then it could end up damaging the club, too...
	Monika	And you wouldn't do that to me...right?
	MC	That's--
	Narrator	I'm not sure how to respond to Monika.
	Narrator	While I care about her and the club, it's also kind of unfair to bring that up.
	Monika	Well...you're smart.
	Monika	I'm sure you'll do the right thing.
	Narrator	Monika smiles sweetly.
	Monika	Ahaha.
	Monika	It's kind of funny...
	MC	How so?
	Monika	No, not the poem...
	Monika	I mean, it's funny how your poems and Sayori's poems have been getting more and more similar to each other every day.
	Monika	I'm surprised you're so in sync with her.
	Monika	Then again, you've been spending a lot of time together lately, haven't you?
	MC	Ah, I guess you could say that...
	MC	Although we kind of grew up as best friends, I haven't been seeing as much of her this past year...
	MC	But since I joined the club, we've been spending a lot of time together again.
	Monika	I see, I see~
	Monika	That reminds me...
	Monika	About how Sayori's been a little bit off today...
	MC	Yeah? Did she tell you something?
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	Well...
	Monika	[player], you haven't been flirting with her, have you?
	MC	O-Of course not!
	MC	I've been treating her like I always do.
	Monika	Alright.
	Monika	Just making sure~
	Monika	I know how much you care about her...
	Monika	It would be terrible if something bad happened to her, so keep an eye on her.
	Monika	Sayori's been acting so much happier ever since you joined the club.
	Monika	What could have happened all of a sudden...?
	MC	...
	Monika	...Well, never mind.
	Monika	This really isn't the time to be talking about this...
	Monika	Your style's gotten so refined, [player].
	Monika	Yuri's been teaching you a lot of things, hasn't she?
	MC	Well--
	MC	I guess so.
	Monika	Yeah... I've been noticing how much time you spend with her.
	Monika	I think I've heard her say more words these past couple days than she's talked in the whole year.
	Monika	Not sure how you did it, but that's pretty impressive...
	MC	Well, she just needs some patience and a way to talk about all the things in her head, I guess...
	MC	I'm still getting the hang of it, myself.
	Monika	Hm...
	Monika	You're certainly putting in a lot of effort.
	Monika	You must really like her.
	MC	Eh? That's--
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	It's awfully suspicious, you know?
	Monika	Spending time with her in the clubroom every day...
	Monika	Reading that edgy novel with her...
	MC	Well--!
	MC	I just...feel bad that she has a hard time socializing.
	MC	It makes me want to make sure she doesn't spend all her time alone.
	MC	Besides, the novel isn't too bad either, you know...
	Monika	Alright, alright~
	Monika	I get you.
	Monika	Just...be careful, alright?
	Monika	I know that Yuri isn't used to opening herself up...
	Monika	So if something bad happens while she's vulnerable...
	Monika	Then it could be really hard for her.
	Monika	Her books aren't a total escape from reality.
	Monika	They're just a bandage.
	MC	You say that like I'm going to hurt her...
	Monika	Sorry, I didn't really mean that~
	Monika	If anything, she might accidentally hurt herself.
