	Natsuki	Ugh...!
	Narrator	I hear Natsuki utter an exasperated sigh from within the closet.
	Narrator	She seems to be annoyed by something.
	Narrator	I approach her, in case she needs a hand.
	MC	You looking for something in there?
	Natsuki	Freaking Monika...
	Natsuki	She never puts my stuff back in the right spot!
	Natsuki	What's the point in keeping your collection organized if someone else is just gonna mess it up?
	Narrator	Natsuki slides a bunch of stacked books and boxes across the shelf.
	MC	Manga...
	Natsuki	You read manga, right?
	MC	Ah--
	MC	...Sometimes...
	Narrator	Manga is one of those things where you can't admit you're really into it until you figure out where the other person stands.
	MC	...How did you know, anyway?
	Natsuki	I heard you bring it up at some point.
	Natsuki	Besides, it's kind of written on your face.
	Narrator	What's that supposed to mean...?
	MC	I-I see...
	Narrator	There's a lone volume of manga amidst a stack of various books on the side of one of the shelves.
	Narrator	Curious, I pull it out of the stack.
	Natsuki	{i}There{/i} it is!
	Narrator	Natsuki snatches it out of my hand.
	Narrator	She then turns to a box of manga and slips the volume right into the middle of the rest.
	Natsuki	Aah, much better!
	Natsuki	Seeing a box set with one book missing is probably the most irritating sight in the world.
	MC	I know that feel...
	Narrator	I get a closer look at the box set she's admiring.
	MC	Parfait Girls...?
	Narrator	It's a series I've never heard of in my life.
	Narrator	That probably means it's either way out of my demographic, or it's simply terrible.
	Natsuki	If you're gonna judge, you can go do it through the glass on that door.
	Narrator	She points to the classroom door.
	MC	H-Hey, I wasn't judging anything...!
	MC	I didn't even say anything.
	Natsuki	It was the tone of your voice.
	Natsuki	But I'll tell you one thing, [player].
	Natsuki	Consider this a lesson straight from the Literature Club: Don't judge a book by its cover!
	Natsuki	In fact--
	Narrator	Natsuki pulls out the first volume of Parfait Girls from the box.
	Natsuki	I'm gonna show you exactly why!
	Narrator	She shoves the book right into my hands.
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	I stare at the cover.
	Narrator	It features four girls in colorful attire striking animated feminine poses.
	Narrator	It's...exceedingly \"moe\".
	Natsuki	Don't just stand there!
	MC	Uwa--
	Narrator	Natsuki grabs my arm and pulls me out of the closet.
	Narrator	She then takes a seat against the wall, beneath the windowsills.
	Narrator	She pats on the ground next to her, signaling me to sit there.
	MC	Wouldn't chairs be more comfortable...?
	Narrator	I take my seat.
	Natsuki	Chairs wouldn't work.
	Natsuki	We can't read at the same time like that.
	MC	Eh? Why's that?
	MC	Ah...I guess it's easier to be close together like this...
	Natsuki	--!
	Natsuki	D-Don't just say that!
	Natsuki	You'll make me feel weird about it!
	Narrator	Natsuki crosses her arms and scootches an inch away from me.
	MC	Sorry...
	Narrator	I didn't exactly expect to be sitting this close to her, either...
	Narrator	Not that I can say it's a particularly bad thing.
	Narrator	I open the book.
	Narrator	It's only a few seconds before Natsuki once again inches closer, reclaiming the additional space while she hopes I won't notice.
	Narrator	I can feel her peering over my shoulder, much more eager to begin reading than I am.
	Natsuki	Wow, how long has it been since I read the beginning...?
	MC	Hm?
	MC	You don't go back and flip through the older volumes every now and then?
	Natsuki	Not really.
	Natsuki	Maybe sometimes after I've already finished the series.
	Natsuki	Hey, are you paying attention?
	MC	Uh...
	Narrator	I am, but nothing's really happened yet, so I can talk at the same time.
	Narrator	It looks like it's about a bunch of friends in high school.
	Narrator	Typical slice-of-life affair.
	Narrator	I kind of grew out of these, since it's rare for the writing to be entertaining enough to make up for the lack of plot.
	MC	So...
	MC	What should I expect from this?
	MC	Is there going to be plot?
	Natsuki	Well, obviously!
	Natsuki	You think I would enjoy something that didn't have a plot?
	Natsuki	I mean...
	Natsuki	Well, I guess I know what you're saying...
	Natsuki	A lot of the beginning is about simple things...
	Natsuki	Like there's a really funny chapter where they're obsessed with a guy at the ice cream shop...
	Natsuki	But that just helps you get to know the characters!
	Natsuki	And besides, it's still entertaining.
	Natsuki	But later on, there's all kinds of drama...
	Natsuki	Like when they get into all their backstories, and when some of the romance starts to happen...
	Natsuki	That's really what makes it so good.
	Natsuki	There are so many touching parts.
	MC	Ah, is that so?
	MC	It sounds like you really know what you're talking about.
	MC	Maybe I underestimated you.
	Natsuki	Ehehe.
	Natsuki	...Hey, wait!
	Natsuki	What's {i}that{/i} supposed to mean?!
	MC	Uwa--
	Narrator	Natsuki gives me a little shove.
	MC	I just meant that I haven't yet seen you at your full power...
	Natsuki	Hmph. Good save.
	MC	Ah... This chapter seems like it's about baking.
	MC	This is just a guess, but is there a lot of baking in this manga?
	Natsuki	Well--
	Narrator	Natsuki pauses for a moment, as if she doesn't want to admit something.
	Natsuki	...Yeah.
	Natsuki	Why does that matter?
	MC	It doesn't, I was just curious...
	MC	Since you enjoy baking too, right?
	Natsuki	That's--
	Natsuki	Just a coincidence!
	Natsuki	I just happened to get into baking around the same time I got this manga.
	Natsuki	Like I would ever get into anything because it's in a manga.
	Natsuki	I feel bad for anyone that impressionable.
	Natsuki	Ahaha!
	Narrator	Definitely not a coincidence...
	Narrator	I guess that explains Natsuki's interest in baking.
	Narrator	Still, of all the hobbies to pick up from a manga, that's definitely one of the better ones.
	Narrator	Not to mention she's really good at it, so who am I to judge?
	Narrator	...
	Narrator	We read on for a few more minutes.
	Narrator	I've finished a couple chapters at this point.
	MC	...
	MC	...Are you sure this isn't boring for you?
	Natsuki	It's not!
	MC	Even though you're just watching me read?
	Natsuki	Well...!
	Natsuki	I'm...fine with that.
	MC	If you say so...
	MC	...I guess it's fun sharing something you like with someone else.
	MC	I always get excited when I convince any of my friends to pick up a series I enjoy.
	MC	You know what I mean?
	Natsuki	...?
	MC	Hm?
	MC	You don't?
	Natsuki	Um...
	Natsuki	That's not...
	Natsuki	Well, I wouldn't really know.
	MC	...What do you mean?
	MC	Don't you share your manga with your friends?
	Natsuki	Could you not rub it in?
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	MC	Ah... Sorry...
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Natsuki	Like I could ever get my friends to read this...
	Natsuki	They just think manga is for kids.
	Natsuki	I can't even bring it up without them being all like...
	Natsuki	'Eh? You still haven't grown out of that yet?'
	Natsuki	Makes me want to punch them in the face...
	MC	Urgh, I know those kinds of people...
	MC	Honestly, it takes a lot of effort to find friends who don't judge, much less friends who are also into it...
	MC	I'm already kind of a loser, so I guess I gravitated toward the other losers over time.
	MC	But it's probably harder for someone like you...
	Natsuki	Hm.
	Natsuki	Yeah, that's pretty accurate.
	Narrator	{i}...Wait, which part??{/i}
	Natsuki	I mean, I feel like I can't even keep it in my own room...
	Natsuki	I don't even know what my dad would do if he found this.
	Natsuki	At least it's safe here in the clubroom.
	Natsuki	'Cept Monika was kind of a jerk about it...
	Natsuki	Ugh! I just can't win, can I?
	MC	Well, it paid off in the end, didn't it?
	MC	I mean, here I am, reading it.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not like that solves any of my problems.
	MC	Maybe...
	MC	But at least you're enjoying yourself, right?
	Natsuki	--
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...So?
	MC	Ahaha.
	Natsuki	Jeez, that's enough!
	Natsuki	Are you gonna keep reading, or what?
	MC	Yeah, yeah...
	Narrator	I flip the page.
	Narrator	Suddenly, Natsuki starts laughing.
	Natsuki	Ahahaha!
	Natsuki	I totally forgot that happens!
	Narrator	Natsuki puts her finger on one of the panels.
	Natsuki	Minori is my favorite character.
	Natsuki	You always feel a little bad for her, since she's so unlucky.
	Natsuki	But it gets especially bad when--
	Natsuki	Uu...
	Natsuki	I shouldn't be talking about that yet!
	Natsuki	Just finish this chapter!
	Narrator	Natsuki's voice sparkles with excitement.
	Narrator	It's a stark contrast to her usual bossy tone.
	Narrator	But if she's not used to sharing her favorite manga with her friends, I can understand why.
	Narrator	It's hard to express in words the feeling you get when connecting with someone like that.
	Narrator	And being able to provide that to Natsuki, for whom it's a rare experience...
	Narrator	The thought makes me smile a little to myself.
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	MC	Eh?
	Monika	Are you all ready with today's poems?
	MC	...
	Natsuki	Oh, come on!
	Natsuki	Could your timing be any worse?
	Monika	Sorry~!
	Monika	I just need to make sure we have enough time.
	Monika	Though you do look pretty cozy over there. Ahaha!
	Natsuki	Eh...?
	Natsuki	A-Ah!
	Narrator	Natsuki suddenly notices how close she's gotten to me.
	Narrator	She hastily slides herself a good twelve inches away from me.
	MC	Alright...
	MC	Guess I'll stop here for now.
	Narrator	I close the book and hand it towards Natsuki.
	Natsuki	You're just giving it back...?
	Natsuki	Don't you want to know what happens?
	MC	Ah... Yeah, but...
	MC	Monika just said--
	Natsuki	Don't be dumb.
	Natsuki	Just take it home with you.
	MC	Eh?
	MC	...Is that really alright?
	Narrator	I say that mostly because I really didn't plan on using my spare time to read this...
	Natsuki	Well, of course.
	Natsuki	It would take forever to finish if you didn't take it home.
	Natsuki	Just finish that one before tomorrow, so we can start the next one.
	Natsuki	And if it gets bent, I'll kill you.
	MC	By tomorrow...?
	Narrator	I only got partway through the volume so far.
	Narrator	I might fall behind on some shows if I try to get through this...
	Narrator	But I suppose that's a necessary sacrifice in exchange for seeing Natsuki's enthusiastic face.
	Narrator	Or am I more scared of what will happen if I {i}don't{/i} finish it...?
	MC	Alright, then!
	Narrator	I stand up.
	Narrator	I return to where I put my stuff and carefully slip the book into my bag.
	Natsuki	...
	Narrator	It's not long before Natsuki comes up to me expectantly.
	MC	Yeah, yeah.
	MC	Don't worry, I kept my promise.
	Narrator	I pull the first volume of Parfait Girls out from my bag.
	Narrator	Natsuki takes it from my hands, then quickly turns it over, presumably to check for wrinkles.
	MC	Hey, I'm not that careless...
	MC	I handle manga all the time, you know.
	Natsuki	I just wanted to make sure!
	Natsuki	Can you blame me for being paranoid?
	Natsuki	I don't give people my manga every day, you know.
	MC	That's true...
	MC	I don't blame you.
	Natsuki	Well anyway, let me put this one back.
	Natsuki	I'm gonna get the next one, okay?
	Narrator	Natsuki makes her way to the closet.
	Narrator	I follow.
	Natsuki	So you're gonna tell me everything you thought, right??
	Natsuki	Where did this volume leave off again? I forget.
	MC	Ah, the chapter ended when Minori and Alice found--
	Natsuki	{i}Monika!!{/i}
	Narrator	Natsuki's voice resonates out from inside the closet.
	MC	Eh...?
	Narrator	I peer inside.
	Narrator	All of Natsuki's books are lined up on the top shelf.
	Natsuki	Did you move my manga again?!
	Monika	Ah, sorry, sorry!
	Monika	The teacher got mad at me for taking up so much space in her closet...
	Monika	So I had to move some stuff around and clean up a little bit.
	Monika	It's all still there, I just had to organize it a bit!
	Natsuki	Ugh...
	Narrator	The top shelf is far above Natsuki's head.
	Narrator	She makes a futile hop, trying to figure out how to reach her manga.
	Natsuki	Jeez...!
	Natsuki	This is so inconvenient!
	Natsuki	I'm moving these all back down.
	Natsuki	There's plenty of room on these shelves.
	Natsuki	And besides...
	Natsuki	They're really pretty to look at when they're all lined up!
	Natsuki	Why would you waste that on the top shelf?
	MC	Ah, Natsuki...
	MC	There's a stool on the wall there.
	Narrator	In the closet, there's a collapsible stool that's hanging on the wall.
	MC	If you want, I can reach up there and hand them to you...
	Natsuki	I can get them myself!
	Narrator	Natsuki grabs the stool from the wall and unfolds it.
	Natsuki	You think I'm too short or something?
	MC	I mean--
	Natsuki	I {i}knew{/i} it!
	Natsuki	Well, you know what?
	Natsuki	Just watch me!
	Narrator	Natsuki hops onto the stool, which ends up being a little wobbly because of its collapsible design.
	Natsuki	A-Ah...
	MC	Careful...
	Natsuki	I know what I'm doing!!
	Narrator	Standing on the stool, Natsuki's fingertips reach the top shelf.
	Narrator	The stool would be enough for me to easily grab the books, but Natsuki is being stubborn as usual.
	Natsuki	U-Uuuh...
	Narrator	Natsuki uses her fingers to scoot one of the smaller boxes to the edge of the shelf.
	Natsuki	See...?
	Natsuki	Kyah--!
	Narrator	The box suddenly tips.
	Narrator	Natsuki barely catches it before it falls to the floor.
	Narrator	The stool wobbles.
	Natsuki	Wawaa--
	Narrator	Losing balance, Natsuki hops off the stool.
	Narrator	Thankfully, she was able to stay on her feet.
	Narrator	She holds the box triumphantly.
	Natsuki	T-There!
	Narrator	Having almost fell, Natsuki is a bit shaken up.
	MC	Jeez...
	MC	No need to prove yourself to me.
	MC	There's no way you'll be able to get the bigger boxes like that.
	MC	I can reach them, so just--
	Natsuki	I said I can do it!
	Natsuki	I don't want your help, okay?
	MC	Sigh...
	Natsuki	I'm gonna get a chair, so just hang on.
	Narrator	Natsuki forces her way past me out of the closet.
	Natsuki	Let's see...
	Narrator	The classroom chairs have the desks attached, so they're too inconvenient to fit into the closet.
	Natsuki	Aha!
	Narrator	Natsuki trots over to the teacher's desk, which has a computer chair behind it.
	Narrator	She rolls it on its wheels back over to the closet.
	MC	Ah--
	Narrator	It's a little dangerous, since the chair swivels and rolls.
	Narrator	But I've already learned my lesson, so I keep my mouth shut.
	Natsuki	Ush--
	Narrator	Natsuki climbs onto the chair, then slowly balances onto her feet.
	Narrator	Since she refuses my help, I take a seat with my back against the side of the doorway and simply watch.
	Natsuki	Aha! There we go!
	Natsuki	See? I can easily do it now.
	Narrator	Natsuki grabs a stack of manga and bends down to put it on the shelf below.
	Natsuki	W-Wahh--
	Narrator	The chair swivels.
	Narrator	Natsuki catches herself on the shelf.
	Natsuki	What are you doing??
	Natsuki	Can you at least hold the chair steady instead of sitting and doing nothing?
	Narrator	{i}(Who was it who told me not to help...?){/i}
	MC	Yeah, yeah...I got you.
	Narrator	I hold the chair while Natsuki reaches back up.
	MC	--!
	Narrator	I can...
	Narrator	{i}I can almost see up her skirt?!{/i}
	MC	Guh--
	Narrator	I force myself to turn away.
	Narrator	Natsuki seriously didn't think this through...!
	Narrator	Once she realizes, I'll be dead!
	Natsuki	Hup--
	Narrator	Natsuki wraps her arms around the Parfait Girls box set, easily the largest one on the shelf.
	Natsuki	Uu...heavy...
	Natsuki	Hey, [player]...
	Natsuki	I-I don't think I can bend down without falling...!
	Natsuki	Hurry and take this one...
	MC	Eh?
	MC	But then I have to let go of the chair...
	Natsuki	That's fine...!
	Natsuki	Just for a second!
	Natsuki	Hurry up...
	MC	Alright...!
	MC	Let me just stand up.
	Narrator	I slowly release my grip from the chair.
	Natsuki	What do you mean 'stand up'?
	Narrator	Natsuki looks down at me.
	Natsuki	Why are you all the way back--
	Natsuki	E-Eh...?
	Narrator	Natsuki looks like she just realized something, but she'll lose her balance if she moves.
	MC	Natsuki, the box--
	Natsuki	{i}W-What are you looking at?!{/i}
	MC	--!
	Natsuki	You're trying to look at my...m-my...
	Narrator	Natsuki's legs shake.
	MC	I-I'm not! I was just--
	MC	--Natsuki, don't try to move!
	MC	Just give me the box!
	Natsuki	You...you perv!
	Natsuki	You set me up!!
	Natsuki	Go away!
	Natsuki	Get out!
	MC	But--
	Natsuki	I'll do it myself!!
	Natsuki	A-Ah--
	Narrator	The chair suddenly swivels beneath Natsuki's feet.
	MC	Natsuki--!
	Natsuki	{i}Kyaaaaa!{/i}
	Narrator	The scene turns to chaos in a split second.
	Narrator	The chair flies from under Natsuki's feet.
	Narrator	Frantically, I try to catch her.
	Narrator	The box topples out of her hands, and the books go flying.
	MC	I got you--
	Narrator	sfx/fall2.ogg
	Narrator	{i}Crash!{/i}
	Narrator	The full force of Natsuki's body against me throws me to the ground.
	Narrator	A whole bunch of books pelt me in the face.
	Narrator	Natsuki tries to shield herself with her own arms as her face lands straight on my chest.
	MC	Ungh...
	Narrator	My right arm and my back seriously felt the impact.
	Natsuki	U-Uu...
	Narrator	Slowly, Natsuki comes to her senses.
	MC	Ghk--!
	Narrator	She presses her arms straight into me to prop herself up.
	Natsuki	Eh...?
	Narrator	Natsuki seems to realize that it's not the floor that's beneath her.
	Natsuki	G-Guuuuu...!!
	Natsuki	Gross! Gross!
	MC	Ghak--!
	Narrator	A fist pounds into my chest.
	Narrator	Natsuki then hoists herself to her feet.
	Natsuki	What were you thinking?!
	Natsuki	You sicko!
	Monika	Everything okay over there...?
	Monika	I heard a loud noise...
	Narrator	Monika suddenly peers in.
	Natsuki	Monika!
	Natsuki	See what happens when you put the manga on the top shelf?!
	Natsuki	Are you trying to kill your club members or something?
	Natsuki	Jeez!
	Monika	S-Sorry, sorry!
	Monika	Ahaha...
	Natsuki	Oh, and one more thing.
	Natsuki	It seems like your most recent club member is a total pervert.
	Natsuki	So I hope you're happy.
	MC	I didn't--!
	Narrator	Somehow, it's impossible for me to explain this whole bizarre situation to Monika.
	MC	I didn't do anything, I swear...!
	Monika	I know, I know, don't worry~
	Narrator	Monika says that quietly to me.
	Narrator	Looks like I'm off the hook...
	Natsuki	Oh no...!
	Natsuki	My...my...
	MC	Eh?
	Narrator	I look down.
	Narrator	Natsuki is kneeling on the floor, holding one of the books that are scattered all over.
	Narrator	There's a large diagonal crease along the page that she's desperately trying to smooth out.
	MC	Ah, it must have landed on the page...
	Narrator	Natsuki tries a bit more to fix the crease, but she can't get it out.
	Narrator	Suddenly, she gives up and slams the book shut, then throws it to the floor.
	Narrator	Instead of continuing to yell, she just lowers her head.
	Natsuki	{i}*Sob*{/i}
	MC	...Natsuki, are you--
	Natsuki	No!
	Narrator	Natsuki's voice squeaks.
	Narrator	I see tears on her face.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	I'll help get the crease out, okay?
	MC	It's partially my fault, so...
	Narrator	Natsuki shakes her head, still looking down.
	Natsuki	No...
	Natsuki	I don't even care that much...
	Natsuki	I'm just...
	Natsuki	Having a really bad day today...
	Narrator	Natsuki sobs again.
	Natsuki	I didn't mean to take it out on you...
	Natsuki	I really didn't mean to!
	MC	It's...it's fine.
	MC	...Is there anything you want to talk about?
	Narrator	Natsuki shakes her head.
	Natsuki	Just...
	Natsuki	Every day...
	Natsuki	...is...so hard.
	Natsuki	I just want to...
	Natsuki	...come to the club and...
	Natsuki	...
	Narrator	Natsuki falls silent again.
	Narrator	I can't press her, so I can only do what I know how to do.
	MC	Alright...
	MC	Well, I'll help clean this up.
	MC	And I'll move the rest of your manga for you.
	MC	Ah.
	Narrator	I pick up volume 2 of Parfait Girls.
	MC	We'll set this one aside.
	MC	This'll help cheer you up a bit, right?
	MC	We can get started on it once I'm done here.
	Narrator	Natsuki looks up with her glossy eyes.
	Narrator	Her lip quivers.
	Natsuki	You're...
	Natsuki	You're really nice to me...
	MC	Eh?
	Narrator	That sounds really strange, coming from Natsuki.
	Narrator	I didn't expect it at all.
	MC	Well...
	MC	I'm just treating you like a friend, you know?
	Natsuki	Nn...
	Narrator	Natsuki lowers her head and stifles another sob.
	Narrator	I'm not sure what happened to her today, but being nice is the least I could do.
	Narrator	The next couple minutes are silent between us as I begin gathering the scattered books.
	Narrator	I make sure to slip them into the box in their correct order.
	Narrator	After a little bit, Natsuki starts helping.
	Narrator	It isn't long before we're done, and I hoist the box onto the shelf where Natsuki wanted to put it.
	Narrator	Then, I get on the stool and quickly finish moving the rest of her books from the top shelf.
	MC	Alright--!
	MC	That should do it.
	Narrator	I hop off the stool.
	Narrator	Natsuki averts her gaze.
	Natsuki	T-Thanks...
	MC	Ahaha...
	MC	It's nothing.
	Narrator	Natsuki is holding the volume I set aside in her hands.
	MC	Alright, I'm ready.
	Natsuki	Good.
	Natsuki	Even if you weren't, I'd make you anyway.
	Natsuki	You're taking responsibility for what you said.
	Natsuki	The thing about cheering me up.
	MC	If you insist!
	Narrator	We sit in the same spot as last time, and I open the second volume.
	Narrator	Natsuki's mood quickly improves, laughing and pointing things out to me.
	Narrator	She's surprisingly sharp, making note of a lot of subtle repeated jokes and background elements.
	Narrator	In the end, I'm pretty impressed by how everything ties together in this manga.
	Narrator	I guess Natsuki has good taste after all.
	Narrator	After some time, Monika gets our attention as usual, and it's time to share poems again.
	MC	Guess I'll be holding onto this for now.
	Natsuki	Yep!
	Natsuki	Even you sound more enthusiastic this time.
	MC	Well, I'm starting to get into it, you know.
	Natsuki	Ehehe.
	Natsuki	Told you.
	MC	Yeah, yeah...
	Narrator	I return to my seat and slip the book into my bag.
