	Narrator	images/bg/poem_y1.jpg", img="yuri 2s
	Yuri	Ahaha...
	Yuri	It doesn't really matter what it's about.
	Yuri	My mind has been a little hyperactive lately, so I had to take it out on your pen.
	Yuri	Ah--
	Yuri	That is...a-a pen fell out of your backpack yesterday, so I took it home for safekeeping and...
	Yuri	I, um...
	Yuri	I just...really like...the way...that it writes.
	Yuri	So I wrote this...poem...with it.
	Yuri	And now you're touching it...
	Yuri	Ahaha.
	Yuri	I-I'm okay!!
	Yuri	What did I just...
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	...Can we pretend this conversation never happened?
	Yuri	You can keep the poem, though...
	Narrator	bgm/5_yuri2.ogg", revert_music=False, paper="images/bg/poem_y2.jpg", img="yuri eyes
	Yuri	Do you like it??
	Yuri	I wrote it for you!
	Yuri	In case you couldn't tell, the poem is about [gtext]
	Yuri	More importantly, I've endowed it with my scent.
	Yuri	See, aren't I the most thoughtful person in the club?
	Narrator	sfx/glitch2.ogg
	Narrator	music_poem
	Narrator	<from " + str(currentpos) + " loop 4.444>bgm/5.ogg
	Narrator	music_poem
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	I...
	Yuri	I think I'm...going to vomit.
	Natsuki	Not bad, right?
	MC	It's quite a bit longer than yesterday's.
	Natsuki	Yesterday's was way too short...
	Natsuki	I was just warming up!
	Natsuki	I hope you didn't think that was the best I could do.
	MC	No, of course not...
	Natsuki	Anyway, the message is pretty straightforward in this poem.
	Natsuki	I doubt I have to explain it.
	Natsuki	Like, anyone would agree that the subject of this poem is an ignorant jerk...
	Natsuki	Everyone has some kind of weird hobby, or a guilty pleasure.
	Natsuki	Something that you're afraid if people find out, they'd make fun of you or think less of you.
	Natsuki	...But that just makes people stupid!
	Natsuki	Who cares what someone likes, as long as they're not hurting anyone, and it makes them happy?
	Natsuki	I think people really need to learn to respect others for liking weird things...
	Natsuki	...Such as two of the girls in this very club, whom I respectfully won't name.
	Natsuki	Kind of ironic that even in my one place of comfort, I can't even have people respect me...
	Natsuki	...Jeez, now you're making me complain too much!
	Narrator	{i}(...What did I do?){/i}
	MC	For what it's worth, I respect you...
	Natsuki	Well--
	Natsuki	I guess thanks...
	Natsuki	...But it's kind of obvious that you 'respect' Yuri more, so...
	Natsuki	Whatever... We're done sharing, so you can leave now.
	Natsuki	[player]...
	Natsuki	Why didn't you come read with me today?
	Natsuki	I was waiting for you.
	Natsuki	I was waiting for a long time.
	Natsuki	It was the only thing I had to look forward to today.
	Natsuki	Why did you ruin it?
	Natsuki	Do you like Yuri more?
	Natsuki	I think you're better off not associating with her.
	Natsuki	Are you listening to me?
	Narrator	music_poem
	Narrator	<from " + str(currentpos) + " loop 4.444>bgm/5_ghost.ogg
	Natsuki	Yuri is a sick freak.
	Natsuki	That should be obvious by now.
	Natsuki	So just play with me instead.
	Natsuki	Okay?
	Natsuki	You don't hate me, [player], do you?
	Natsuki	Do you hate me?
	Natsuki	Do you want to make me go home crying?
	Natsuki	The club is the only place I feel safe.
	Natsuki	Don't ruin that for me.
	Natsuki	Don't ruin it.
	Natsuki	Please.
	Natsuki	Just stop talking to Yuri.
	Natsuki	Play with me instead.
	Natsuki	It's all I have...
	Natsuki	Play with me.
	Natsuki	PLAY WITH ME!!!
	Narrator	sfx/crack.ogg
	Narrator	sfx/run.ogg
	Narrator	music_poem
	Natsuki	I changed my mind.
	Natsuki	Ignore everything you just read.
	Natsuki	There's no point in trying to do anything.
	Natsuki	It's Yuri's own fault that she's so unlikable.
	Natsuki	Can you hear me, [player]?
	Natsuki	If you would just spend more time with Monika, all these problems would go away.
	Natsuki	Yuri and I are too messed up for someone as wonderful as you.
	Natsuki	Just think of Monika from now on.
	Natsuki	Just Monika.
	Narrator	Just Monika.
	Narrator	Just Monika.
	Narrator	Just Monika.
	Narrator	dialog", "Just Monika.
	Narrator	Just Monika.
	Narrator	music_poem
	Narrator	<from " + str(currentpos) + " loop 4.444>bgm/5.ogg
	Monika	Sorry, I know it's kind of abstract.
	Monika	I'm just trying to...um...
	Monika	Well, never mind.
	Monika	There's no point in explaining.
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	Here's Monika's Writing Tip of the Day!
	Monika	Sometimes you'll find yourself facing a difficult decision...
	Monika	When that happens, don't forget to save your game!
	Monika	You never know when...um...
	Monika	...Who am I talking to?
	Monika	Can you hear me?
	Monika	Tell me you can hear me.
	Monika	Anything.
	Narrator	dialog", "Please help me.
	Monika	...That's my advice for today!
	Monika	Thanks for listening~
	Monika	Jeez! That really startled me!{fast}
	Monika	Um...
	Monika	Well, I guess I kinda messed up at, uh... 'writing' this poem.
	Monika	I was just trying to...
	Monika	...Never mind.
	Monika	Let's just move on...
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	Yeah, just as I thought...
	MC	...?
	Natsuki	[player], come on.
	Natsuki	I'm not stupid.
	Natsuki	I know how much time you've been spending with Yuri...
	Natsuki	It's obvious that you care more about impressing her than trying to improve your writing.
	Natsuki	To put it bluntly, it's kind of pathetic.
	Natsuki	Why are you even in this club, [player]?
	Natsuki	Honestly...
	Natsuki	I thought getting a new member would help everyone get more involved together.
	Natsuki	Not exclude each other even more.
	Natsuki	This is such a stupid activity anyway...
	Natsuki	...Look, I'm not in a good mood today, and I just really don't feel like talking right now.
	Natsuki	Please go away.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	I liked your last one better.
	MC	Eh? Really?
	Natsuki	Well yeah. I can tell you were a little more daring with this one.
	Natsuki	But you're really not good enough for that yet. It fell flat.
	MC	That may be true, but I just wanted to try something different.
	MC	I'm still figuring this all out.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, I can admit that it's better than the last one.
	Natsuki	It's nice to see that you're putting in some effort.
	MC	That's good...
	Natsuki	Just make sure you find a little bit of influence from everyone.
	Natsuki	I think you're at least being influenced by Yuri a little bit, aren't you?
	Natsuki	I mean, I know you've been, like...
	Natsuki	Spending some time with her, or whatever...
	Natsuki	But you know, Monika and I are just as good as her!
	Natsuki	A-At poems, I mean!
	Natsuki	So you should really try to learn something, or you'll never get better!
	Natsuki	Here's the one I wrote...
	Natsuki	I'll make sure you learn something from it.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not really any worse than your last one.
	Natsuki	But I can't really say it's any better, either.
	MC	Phew...
	Natsuki	Huh? 'Phew' what?
	MC	Ah... Well anything that isn't a trainwreck, I'll take as a win.
	MC	And I get the feeling you're probably the most critical.
	Natsuki	H-Hey! What makes you--
	Natsuki	{i}(Wait, maybe that was a compliment...?){/i}
	Natsuki	A-Ahah! Glad to see someone recognizes my experience!
	Natsuki	Well then, keep practicing and maybe you'll be as good as me someday!
	MC	That's...uh...
	Narrator	Something tells me Natsuki completely missed the point.
	Natsuki	...Hm.
	Natsuki	Well, it's not terrible.
	Natsuki	But it's pretty disappointing after your last one.
	Natsuki	Then again, if this one was as good as your last one, I would be completely pissed.
	MC	Well, I guess I wanted to try something a little different this time.
	Natsuki	Fair enough. You're still new to this, so I wouldn't expect you to find your style right away.
	Natsuki	I mean, everyone in the club writes really differently from each other...
	Natsuki	Maybe you'll find a little influence from all of us.
	Natsuki	For instance...
	Natsuki	I noticed that you were spending some time with Yuri today...
	Natsuki	Not that I care who you spend your time with.
	Natsuki	After all, I was taught never to expect anything from anybody.
	Natsuki	So it's not like I was waiting for you, or anything.
	Natsuki	Still, you should at least look over my poem...
	Natsuki	You'll probably be able to learn something from it.
	Natsuki	I'm not going to read another one of your Yuri suck-up poems.
	Natsuki	But I'm still going to make you read mine.
	Natsuki	There's a reason.
	Natsuki	I really wish I didn't have to do this...
	Natsuki	But unfortunately I don't have much of a choice.
	Natsuki	Just...read it carefully, okay?
	Natsuki	Then you can go away.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...Meh.
	Natsuki	I guess you really haven't learned anything after all.
	Natsuki	Honestly, I don't know why I got my hopes up in the first place.
	Natsuki	This is clearly Yuri's influence...
	Natsuki	I didn't realize you were so impressionable.
	Natsuki	Spending all this time with her in the club...
	Natsuki	Now trying to write like her...
	Natsuki	This is stupid.
	Natsuki	At least Monika appreciates my writing...
	Natsuki	...Ugh.
	Natsuki	Okay...I guess I'm going to share my poem with you now.
	Natsuki	I really hate that I have to do this.
	Natsuki	But unfortunately I don't have much of a choice.
	Natsuki	Just...read it carefully, okay?
	Natsuki	Then you can go away.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	Oh, man.
	Natsuki	This is seriously a step backwards.
	MC	Eh?
	Natsuki	I liked your last two way better than this one.
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...This one's alright.
	MC	Alright?
	Natsuki	Yeah, it's at least better than yesterday's.
	Natsuki	I still can't really tell how much you actually care about writing, but either way, you're doing alright.
	Natsuki	Even though you're not really spending time with anyone but Yuri...
	Natsuki	I still think it's nice to have activities that we all participate in.
	Natsuki	So you better keep working hard!
	Natsuki	I mean...
	Natsuki	I know I'm not President or Vice President or anything...
	Natsuki	But that doesn't mean you can let me down, okay?
	Natsuki	So, at least read mine too for now.
	Natsuki	But just to be clear...
	Natsuki	This poem...means a lot to me.
	Natsuki	So read it carefully, okay?
	Natsuki	...
	Natsuki	...This one's alright.
	MC	Alright?
	Natsuki	Well, yeah.
	Natsuki	About as good as yesterday's, anyway.
	Natsuki	What?
	Natsuki	You gave your poem to Yuri?
	Natsuki	Gross!
	Natsuki	What is with you two?
	Natsuki	Hmph...
	Natsuki	It's not like I wanted to read it anyway.
	Natsuki	It's just pissing me off a little bit that you didn't even think to show me at all.
	Natsuki	...Ugh.
	Natsuki	Okay...I guess I'm going to share my poem with you anyway.
	Natsuki	I really hate that I have to do this.
	Natsuki	But unfortunately I don't have much of a choice.
	Natsuki	Just...read it carefully, okay?
	Natsuki	Then you can go away.
	Yuri	I've been waiting for this...
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri smiles and takes a deep breath.
	Yuri	I like just holding it.
	MC	...?
	Yuri	Ah, I mean--
	Yuri	The poem turned out good!
	Yuri	It's, ah...
	Yuri	...Well, there are some things that you could work on...
	Yuri	But that doesn't really matter.
	Yuri	It feels like anything written by you is a treasure.
	Yuri	Ahaha...
	Yuri	That came out a little awkward...
	Yuri	L-Let's move on...
	Yuri	Here's the poem I wrote.
	Yuri	You don't have to like it or anything...
	Yuri	I've been waiting for this...
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	......
	Narrator	Yuri stares at the poem with a surprised expression on her face.
	MC	Do you...like it?
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	...How did you pick up on this so quickly?
	Yuri	Just yesterday, I was telling you the kind of techniques worth practicing...
	MC	Maybe that's why...
	MC	You did a good job explaining.
	MC	I really wanted to try giving it more imagery.
	Narrator	Yuri visibly swallows.
	Narrator	Even her hands appear sweaty.
	Yuri	A-Ah...
	Yuri	That makes me so happy...
	Yuri	It's so amazing to feel like I'm valued, [player]!
	Yuri	Everything that you write is a treasure to me.
	Yuri	My heart pounds just holding it...
	Yuri	Ahaha...
	Yuri	I want to write a poem about this feeling...
	Yuri	Is that bad, [player]?
	Yuri	I'm not being weird, right?
	Yuri	I-I'm having a harder time than usual at concealing my emotions...
	Yuri	I'm kind of embarrassed.
	Yuri	But right now, I just want you to read my poem, too.
	Yuri	Okay?
	Yuri	I've been waiting for this...
	Yuri	Let's see what you've written for today.
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	......
	Narrator	Yuri stares at the poem with a surprised expression on her face.
	MC	Do you...like it?
	Yuri	[player]...
	Yuri	This one might even be better than yesterday's...
	Yuri	...How did you even pick up on this so quickly?
	Yuri	Finally...
	Yuri	Ahaha...
	Narrator	Yuri holds my poem to her face and takes a deep breath.
	Yuri	I love it.
	Yuri	I love everything about it.
	Yuri	[player], I want to take this home.
	Yuri	Will you let me keep it?
	Yuri	Please?
	MC	Sure, I don't care...
	Yuri	Ahaha.
	Yuri	You're too nice to me, [player]...
	Yuri	I've never met anyone as nice as you.
	Yuri	I could die...
	Yuri	N-Not really, but--!
	Yuri	I just don't know how to describe it.
	Yuri	It's okay to be feeling this way, right?
	Narrator	yuri 3y4
	Narrator	yuri 3y6
	Yuri	It's not bad, right?
	Narrator	Yuri holds my poem to her chest.
	Yuri	I'm going to take this home with me and keep it in my room.
	Yuri	I hope that it makes you feel good when you think about me having it.
	Yuri	I'll take good care of it!
	Yuri	I'll even touch myself while reading it over and over.
	Yuri	I'll give myself paper cuts so your skin oil enters my bloodstream.
	Yuri	Ahahahahaha.
	Yuri	You can have my poem too.
	Yuri	Besides, after you read it, I know you're really going to want to keep it.
	Yuri	Here, take it. I can't wait any longer.
	Yuri	Hurry! Read it!
	Monika	Hi, [player]!
	Monika	Having a good time so far?
	MC	Ah...yeah.
	Monika	Good! Glad to hear it!
	Monika	By the way, since you're new and everything...
	Monika	If you ever have any suggestions for the club, like new activities, or things we can do better...
	Monika	I'm always listening!
	Monika	Don't be afraid to bring things up, okay?
	MC	Alright...I'll keep that in mind.
	Narrator	Of course I'll be afraid to bring things up.
	Narrator	I'm much better off just going with the flow until I'm more settled in.
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	Want to share your poem with me?
	MC	It's kind of embarrassing, but I guess I have to.
	Monika	Ahahaha!
	Monika	Don't worry, [player]!
	Monika	We're all a little embarrassed today, you know?
	Monika	But it's that sort of barrier that we'll all learn to get past soon.
	MC	Yeah, that's true.
	Narrator	I hand Monika my poem.
	Monika	...Mhm!
	Narrator	m2_" + poemwinner[0] + "_" + str(eval(poemwinner[0][0] + "_appeal
	Monika	Anyway, do you want to read my poem now?
	Monika	Don't worry, I'm not very good...
	MC	You sound pretty confident for someone who claims to not be very good.
	Monika	Well...that's 'cause I have to sound confident.
	Monika	That doesn't mean I always feel that way, you know?
	MC	I see...
	MC	Well, let's read it, then.
	Monika	Hi again, [player]!
	Monika	How's the writing going?
	MC	Alright, I guess...
	Monika	I'll take that.
	Monika	As long as it's not going bad!
	Monika	I'm happy that you're applying yourself.
	Monika	Maybe soon you'll come up with a masterpiece!
	MC	Ahaha, I wouldn't count on that...
	Monika	You never know!
	Monika	Want to share what you wrote for today?
	MC	Sure... Here you go.
	Narrator	I give my poem to Monika.
	Monika	...
	Monika	...Alright!
	Narrator	m2_yuri_" + str(eval("y_appeal
	Monika	But anyway...
	Monika	You want to read my poem now?
	Monika	I like the way this one turned out, so I hope you do too~
	Narrator	m2_yuri_" + str(eval("y_appeal
	Monika	Anyway...
	Monika	I guess we won't worry about your poem...
	Monika	Yuri should have at least had the courtesy of letting you finish sharing it before taking it.
	Monika	...Well, whatever.
	Monika	If it makes her happy, I won't stop her.
	Monika	As for mine...
	Monika	I worked really...really hard on this poem, so...
	Monika	I hope that it's, uh, effective.
	Monika	Here goes...
	Monika	I like it, [player]!
	MC	Really...?
	Monika	It's a lot cuter than I expected.
	Monika	Ahahaha!
	MC	Oh jeez...
	Monika	No, no!
	Monika	It kind of makes me think of something Natsuki would write.
	Monika	And she's a good writer, too.
	Monika	So take that as a compliment!
	MC	Ahaha...
	MC	If you say so.
	Monika	Yep!
	Monika	If you're interested in Natsuki, then always keep a snack on you.
	Monika	She'll cling to you like a puppy.
	Monika	Ahaha!
	Monika	Natsuki's dad doesn't give her lunch money or leave her any food in the house, so she's in a fussy mood pretty often...
	Monika	But sometimes she just loses all of her strength and shuts down.
	Monika	Like earlier.
	Monika	This is just a guess, but I think she's so small because her malnutrition is interfering with her adolescent growth...
	Monika	...But hey, some guys are into petite girls too, you know?
	Monika	Sorry...just trying to look at the bright side!
	Monika	Great job, [player]!
	Monika	I was going 'Ooh' in my head while reading it.
	Monika	It's really metaphorical!
	Monika	I'm not sure why, but I didn't expect you to go for something so deep.
	Monika	I guess I underestimated you!
	MC	It's easiest for me to keep everyone's expectations low.
	MC	That way, it always counts when I put in some effort.
	Monika	Ahaha! That's not very fair!
	Monika	Well, I guess it worked, anyway.
	Monika	You know that Yuri likes this kind of writing, right?
	Monika	Writing that's full of imagery and symbolism.
	Monika	Sometimes I feel like Yuri's mind is just totally detached from reality.
	Monika	I don't mean that like it's a bad thing, though.
	Monika	But sometimes I get the impression that she's just totally given up on people.
	Monika	She spends so much time in her own head that it's probably a much more interesting place for her...
	Monika	But that's why she gets so happy when you treat her with a lot of kindness.
	Monika	I don't think she's used to being indulged like that.
	Monika	She must be really starved for social interaction, so don't blame her for coming on a little strongly.
	Monika	Like earlier...
	Monika	I think if she gets too stimulated, she ends up withdrawing and looking for alone time.
	Narrator	Suddenly, the door opens.
	Monika	Yuri!
	Yuri	I'm back...
	Yuri	Did I miss anything?
	Monika	Not really...
	Monika	Well, we all started sharing our poems with each other.
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	Already?
	Yuri	I-I'm sorry for being late...
	Monika	No need to apologize!
	Monika	We still have plenty of time, so I'm more glad that you took all the time you needed.
	Yuri	Alright...
	Yuri	Thanks, Monika.
	Yuri	I suppose I should go get my poem now.
	Monika	[player], I think you saw something earlier that you weren't supposed to see.
	Monika	I didn't want to have to tell you this, but I don't think I have a choice.
	Monika	It's getting kind of dangerous for you to spend so much time with Yuri.
	Monika	I don't know why, but she seems pretty easily excitable when she's around you...
	Monika	Which shouldn't be a problem in itself.
	Monika	But when Yuri gets too excited, she finds a place to hide and starts cutting herself with a pocket knife.
	Monika	Isn't that kind of messed up?
	Monika	She even brings a different one to school every day, like she has a collection or something...
	Monika	I mean, it's definitely not because she's depressed or anything like that!
	Monika	I think she just gets some kind of high from it.
	Monika	It might even be, like, a sexual thing...
	Monika	But the point is, you've kind of been enabling her.
	Monika	I'm not saying it's your fault, though!
	Monika	But I guess that's why I had to explain it all to you...
	Monika	So I think if you keep your distance, that would probably be best for her.
	Monika	While you're at it, don't be shy to spend a little more time with me...
	Monika	To put it lightly, I at least have it together in the head...and I know how to treat my club members.
	Monika	Don't say I didn't warn you, [player].
