	Narrator	Another day passes, and it's time for the club meeting already.
	Narrator	I've gotten a little more comfortable here over the past couple days.
	Narrator	Entering the clubroom, the usual scene greets me.
	Sayori	Hi [player]~
	MC	Yo, Sayori.
	MC	Looks like you're in a good mood today.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	I'm just still not used to you being in the club, that's all.
	MC	I see...
	MC	...That's a pretty simple thing to get you in a good mood.
	MC	But I guess it's always the simple things with you, anyway.
	Sayori	Speaking of which...
	Sayori	I'm kinda hungry...
	Sayori	Will you come with me to buy a snack?
	MC	No thanks.
	Sayori	Eh??
	Sayori	T-That's not like you at all!!
	MC	I have my reasons.
	MC	Why don't we take a look at your purse, Sayori?
	Sayori	E-Eh?
	Sayori	Why that...all of a sudden?
	MC	No reason, really.
	MC	I just wanted to look at it.
	Sayori	A-Ah...
	Narrator	Sayori nervously retrieves her coin purse.
	Narrator	She fumbles with the latch and gets it open.
	Narrator	Then, she turns it upside-down and lets its contents spill onto the desk.
	Narrator	Only two small coins fall out.
	Sayori	A-Ahaha...
	MC	I knew it...
	MC	I can see right through you, Sayori.
	Sayori	That's not fair!
	Sayori	How did you even know?
	MC	It's simple.
	MC	If you had enough money in the first place, you would have bought a snack before coming to the clubroom.
	MC	So, either you're not hungry and wanted an excuse to take a walk...
	MC	Or, you planned to conveniently forget that you spent all your money, so that I would lend you some!
	MC	But there's one more thing...
	MC	...You're always hungry!
	MC	And so, that only leaves the one option!
	Sayori	Uwaaa~!
	Sayori	I give up!
	Sayori	Don't make me feel guiltyyy!
	MC	If you feel guilty, that means you deserve to feel guilty...
	Yuri	Ahaha.
	Narrator	Yuri suddenly giggles.
	MC	Eh?
	Narrator	I didn't notice that she was listening in.
	Narrator	Her face is in her book, as always.
	Yuri	A-Ah!
	Yuri	I wasn't listening or anything--!
	Yuri	It was just...something in my book...
	Sayori	Yuriiii...
	Sayori	Tell [player] to let me borrow some money...
	Yuri	That's--!
	Yuri	Don't get me involved like that, Sayori...
	Yuri	Besides...
	Yuri	You should only buy what you can responsibly afford...
	Yuri	And frankly, after pulling a mischievous little stunt like that, your suffering is fair enough retribution.
	MC	...
	Yuri	Ah--!
	Yuri	Did I just...
	Yuri	I-I didn't mean that!!
	Yuri	I got too absorbed into my book...
	Yuri	Uu...
	Sayori	Ahaha!
	Sayori	I really like when you speak your mind, Yuri...
	Sayori	It doesn't happen much, but it's a fun side of you!
	Yuri	That's...
	Yuri	There's no way you could think that...
	Sayori	You were right, though...
	Sayori	I did something bad and now I have to accept the revolution.
	Yuri	Retribution...
	Sayori	That!
	Yuri	Still, coming from you, Sayori...
	Yuri	I guess there's a little devil inside all of us, isn't there?
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	Don't let her fool you.
	MC	Sayori knows exactly what she's doing.
	MC	After all, she told you guys she was bringing me to the club before she even told me...
	Sayori	B-But...!
	Sayori	You wouldn't have come if it weren't for the cupcakes...
	Sayori	So I had to trick Natsuki into making them!
	MC	Come on, give me more credit than that, Sayori.
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Narrator	sfx/slap.ogg
	Narrator	{i}Pwap!{/i}
	Sayori	Kyaa--!
	Narrator	Out of nowhere, something smacks Sayori in the face and tumbles onto the desk.
	Sayori	Ow...
	Sayori	What was--
	Sayori	Eh??
	Sayori	A-A cookie!
	Narrator	Sure enough, it's a giant cookie wrapped in plastic.
	Narrator	Sayori glances around.
	Sayori	I-Is this a miracle??
	Sayori	It's because I paid my restitution!
	MC	Retribution...
	Yuri	Actually, that one almost worked...
	Natsuki	Ahahaha!
	Natsuki	I {i}was{/i} just gonna give it to you.
	Natsuki	But then I heard you blab about the cupcakes.
	Natsuki	It was totally worth seeing your reaction, though. Ahaha!
	Sayori	N-Natsuki!
	Sayori	That's so nice of you!
	Sayori	I'm so happy...
	Narrator	Sayori hugs the cookie.
	MC	Jeez, just eat it...
	Narrator	Sayori rapidly tears open the wrapper and takes a big bite.
	Sayori	Sho good...
	Sayori	Mmf--!
	Narrator	Sayori suddenly clasps her hands over her mouth.
	Sayori	I bit my tongue...
	Natsuki	Ehehe.
	Natsuki	You're going through a lot over just one cookie.
	Narrator	Natsuki takes a bite of her own cookie.
	Sayori	Ah, yours looks really good too, Natsuki!
	Sayori	Can I try it?
	Natsuki	Jeez...
	Natsuki	Beggars can't be choosers!
	Sayori	But yours is chocolate...
	Natsuki	Yeah, why do you think I gave you that one?
	Sayori	Fine...
	Sayori	Still, I'm really happy that you shared this one with me.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Narrator	Sayori gets out of her seat and goes behind Natsuki, then wraps her arms around her.
	Natsuki	Ah-- Jeez...
	Natsuki	I get it, I get it.
	Narrator	Cookie still in hand, Natsuki reaches up to nudge Sayori off of her.
	Sayori	...{i}Om.{/i}
	Narrator	Sayori suddenly leans down and takes a bite out of Natsuki's cookie.
	Natsuki	{i}H-Hey!!{/i}
	Natsuki	Did you seriously just do that?!
	Sayori	Uhuhuhu!
	Narrator	Mouth full, Sayori trots away to safety.
	Narrator	Yuri and I laugh as well.
	Natsuki	Jeez! You're such a kid sometimes!
	Natsuki	Monika! Can you tell Sayori--
	Natsuki	--Eh?
	Narrator	Natsuki glances around.
	Narrator	Monika isn't in the clubroom.
	Natsuki	Ugh...
	Natsuki	Where's Monika, anyway?
	Yuri	Good question...
	Yuri	Have any of you heard anything about her being late today?
	Sayori	Not me...
	MC	Yeah, I haven't either.
	Yuri	Hm...
	Yuri	That's a bit unusual.
	Sayori	I hope she's okay...
	Natsuki	Of course she's okay.
	Natsuki	She probably just had something to do today.
	Natsuki	She's pretty popular, after all...
	Sayori	Eh?
	Sayori	You don't think she...
	Sayori	She has a...!
	Yuri	Ahaha. I wouldn't be surprised.
	Yuri	She's probably more desirable than all of us combined.
	Sayori	Ehehe, that's true...
	Natsuki	Excuse me?!
	Narrator	Suddenly, the door swings open.
	Monika	Sorry! I'm super sorry!
	MC	Ah, there you are...
	Monika	I didn't mean to be late...
	Monika	I hope you guys weren't worried or anything!
	Sayori	Eh??
	Sayori	Monika chose the club over her boyfriend after all!
	Sayori	You're so strong-willed!
	Monika	B-Boyfriend...?
	Monika	What on Earth are you talking about?
	Narrator	Monika quizzically glances at me.
	MC	Ah, never mind that...
	MC	What held you up, anyway?
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	Well, my last period today was study hall.
	Monika	To be honest, I kind of just lost track of time...
	Monika	Ahaha...
	Natsuki	That makes no sense, though.
	Natsuki	You would have heard the bell ring, at least.
	Monika	I must not have heard it, since I was practicing piano...
	Yuri	Piano...?
	Yuri	I wasn't aware you played music as well, Monika.
	Monika	Ah, I don't, really...!
	Monika	I kind of just started recently.
	Monika	I've always wanted to learn piano.
	Sayori	That's so cool!
	Sayori	You should play something for us, Monika!
	Monika	That's...
	Narrator	Monika looks at me.
	Monika	Maybe once I get a little bit better, I will.
	Sayori	Yay~!
	MC	That sounds cool.
	MC	I'd also look forward to it.
	Monika	Is that so?
	Monika	In that case...
	Monika	I won't let you down, [player].
	Narrator	Monika smiles sweetly.
	MC	Ah...
	MC	I didn't mean any pressure or anything like that!
	Monika	Ahaha, don't worry.
	Monika	I've been practicing a whole lot recently.
	Monika	And I'd really love the chance to share once I'm ready.
	MC	I see...
	MC	In that case, best of luck.
	Monika	Thanks~!
	Monika	So, I didn't miss anything, did I?
	MC	Not...not really.
	Narrator	I choose to leave out Sayori's mischievous escapade.
	Narrator	I'm sure Natsuki will end up complaining to her, anyway.
	Narrator	It looks like everyone has already settled down.
	Narrator	Sayori somehow already finished her entire cookie.
	Narrator	Yuri is back to her book, and Natsuki disappeared into the closet.
	Narrator	_exclusive_" + str(eval(poemwinner[1][0] + "_appeal
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Monika	We're all done reading each other's poems, right?
	Monika	I have something extra planned today, so if everyone could come sit at the front of the room...
	Natsuki	Is this about the festival?
	Monika	Well, sort of~
	Natsuki	Ugh. Do we really have to do something for the festival?
	Natsuki	It's not like we can put together anything good in just a few days.
	Natsuki	We'll just end up embarrassing ourselves instead of getting any new members.
	Yuri	That's a concern of mine as well.
	Yuri	I don't really do well with last-minute preparations...
	Monika	Don't worry so much!
	Monika	We're going to keep it simple, okay?
	Monika	We won't need much more than a few decorations.
	Monika	Sayori has been working on posters, and I've designed some pamphlets we can give out during the event.
	Natsuki	Okay, that's great and all...
	Natsuki	But that doesn't tell us what we're actually going to be doing for the event.
	Monika	Ah, sorry! I thought you heard about it already.
	Monika	We're going to be performing!
	Natsuki	Performing?
	Yuri	P...
	Yuri	Um, Monika...
	Monika	Yeah! We're going to be having a poetry performance.
	Monika	Each of us are going to choose a poem to recite during the event.
	Monika	But the cool part is, we're also going to let anyone else come up and recite poems too!
	Monika	Sayori's putting it on all the posters in case anyone wants to prepare ahead of time.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Narrator	Sayori, who's been coloring a poster, holds it up for us to see.
	Natsuki	Are you kidding me, Monika?
	Natsuki	You didn't...you didn't already start putting those posters up, did you?
	Monika	Eh? Well, I did...
	Monika	Do you really think it's that bad of an idea...?
	Natsuki	Well, no.
	Natsuki	It's not a bad idea.
	Natsuki	But I didn't sign up for this, you know!
	Natsuki	There is {i}no{/i} way I'm going to be performing in front of a group of people like that!
	Yuri	I...I agree with Natsuki!
	Yuri	I could never...in my life...do something like that...
	Narrator	Imagining it, Yuri shakes her head in fear.
	Sayori	Guys...
	Monika	No, Sayori...
	Monika	I understand where they're coming from.
	Monika	Remember that Natsuki and Yuri have never shared their poems with anyone until just a couple days ago...
	Monika	It's a lot to ask for them to recite their poems out loud to a whole room full of people.
	Monika	I guess I kind of overlooked that.
	Monika	So, I'm sorry.
	Natsuki	...
	Monika	...But!
	Monika	I still think we should give it our best!
	Monika	We're the only ones responsible for the fate of this club.
	Monika	If we start the event and each put on a good performance...
	Monika	Then it will inspire others to do the same!
	Monika	And the more people who perform, the better we'll be able to show everyone what literature is all about!
	Sayori	Yeah!
	Sayori	It's about expressing your feelings...
	Sayori	Being intimate with yourself...
	Sayori	Finding new horizons...
	Sayori	And having fun!
	Monika	That's right!
	Monika	And it's those reasons that we're all in this club today.
	Monika	Don't you want to share that with others?
	Monika	To inspire them to find the same feelings that brought you here in the first place?
	Monika	I know you do.
	Monika	I know we all do.
	Monika	And if all it takes is standing in front of the room for two minutes and reciting a poem...
	Monika	...Then I know you can do it!
	Natsuki	...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri remain silent.
	Narrator	Sayori looks worried.
	Narrator	I guess that leaves me no choice...
	MC	I agree...
	MC	I don't think it's too much to ask.
	MC	I think that Sayori and Monika have been trying really hard to get new members.
	MC	The least we can do is help them out a little bit.
	Natsuki	Well...maybe, but...
	Natsuki	...
	Narrator	It looks like Natsuki doesn't have any arguments left.
	Natsuki	Uu...
	Natsuki	...Okay, fine!
	Natsuki	I guess I'll just have to get it over with.
	Sayori	Alright~!
	Monika	Phew...
	Monika	Thanks, Natsuki.
	Monika	What about you, Yuri...?
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Yuri dejectedly glances around at everyone else's expectant faces.
	Yuri	Sigh...
	Yuri	I-I guess I don't really have a choice...
	Sayori	Ahaha! That's everyone!
	Sayori	You're the best, Yuri~
	Yuri	This club is seriously going to be the death of me...
	Monika	Oh gosh...
	Monika	You'll be fine, Yuri.
	Monika	But anyway...
	Monika	Let's move onto the main event!
	Monika	I want each of you to choose a poem of yours.
	Monika	We're going to practice reciting them in front of each other.
	Natsuki	N-N-No way!!
	Yuri	Monika...!
	Yuri	This is too sudden...!
	Monika	Well, if you can't recite your poem in front of the club, how do you expect to do it in front of strangers?
	Yuri	Oh no...
	Monika	Don't worry.
	Monika	I'll start off to help everyone feel a little more comfortable.
	Sayori	Can I go next??
	Monika	Ahaha. Of course.
	Monika	Now, let's see...
	Narrator	Monika flips through her notebook to the specific poem she has in mind for herself.
	Narrator	She then stands behind the podium.
	Monika	The title of this poem is {i}The Way They Fly{/i}.
	Monika	Ahem...
	Narrator	Monika begins reciting her poem.
	Narrator	Her clear, confident voice fills the room.
	Narrator	More than that, her inflection is pristine.
	Narrator	She knows exactly how to apply emotion behind each line she recites, bringing the words to life.
	Narrator	Is this something she's done before, or is she simply a natural?
	Narrator	I glance around me.
	Narrator	Everyone has their eyes on Monika.
	Narrator	Sayori looks amazed.
	Narrator	Yuri has an intense expression on her face that I don't understand.
	Narrator	Finally, Monika finishes the recitation.
	Narrator	The four of us applaud.
	Narrator	Monika takes a breath and smiles.
	Sayori	That...that was so good, Monika!
	Monika	Ahaha, thank you very much.
	Monika	I was just hoping to set a good example.
	Monika	Are you ready to go next, Sayori?
	Yuri	I...I'll go next!!
	Sayori	Uwah! Yuri's fired up all of a sudden!
	Narrator	Yuri clutches a sheet of paper between her hands and stands up.
	Narrator	Keeping her head down, she walks quickly over to the podium.
	Yuri	This poem is called--!
	Narrator	Yuri anxiously glances at each of us.
	Sayori	You can do it, Yuri...
	Yuri	It...It's called...{i}Afterimage of a Crimson Eye{/i}.
	Narrator	Yuri's voice shakes as she starts reading the poem.
	Narrator	Just a moment ago, she practically refused to do this.
	Narrator	Why is she suddenly putting in so much effort?
	Narrator	As Yuri gets past the first couple of lines, her voice changes.
	Narrator	It's almost like what happens when Yuri gets absorbed into her books.
	Narrator	Her quivering words transform into the sharp syllables of a fierce and confident woman.
	Narrator	The poem is full of twists and turns in its structure that she enunciates with perfect timing.
	Narrator	This must be a rare glimpse into the whirling fire Yuri keeps concealed inside her head...!
	Narrator	Suddenly, she's finished.
	Narrator	Everyone is stunned.
	Narrator	Yuri snaps back into reality and glances around her, as if she bewildered even herself.
	Yuri	I...
	Narrator	...It's up to me to save this situation.
	Narrator	I'm the first to start applauding.
	Narrator	Everyone joins me afterward, and we give Yuri the recognition she deserves.
	Narrator	It's not that we didn't want to applaud for her.
	Narrator	But we were caught so off-guard that we must have forgotten.
	Narrator	As we applaud, Yuri holds the poem to her chest and rushes back into her seat.
	Monika	Yuri, that was really good.
	Monika	Thank you for sharing.
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	Looks like Yuri is down for the count...
	Sayori	Okaay~
	Sayori	I guess I'm next, then!
	Narrator	Sayori hops out of her chair and cheerfully walks to the podium.
	Sayori	This one's called...{i}My Meadow{/i}.
	Sayori	Ah...
	Sayori	...Ahaha!
	Sayori	Sorry, I giggled...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	MC	Sayori...
	Sayori	It's a lot harder than I thought!
	Sayori	How did you guys do it so easily?
	Monika	Ah...
	Monika	Try not to think of it like you're reciting to other people.
	Monika	Imagine you're reciting it to yourself, like in front of a mirror, or in your own head.
	Monika	It's your poem, so it'll come out the best that way.
	Sayori	I see, I see...
	Sayori	Okay, then...
	Narrator	Sayori begins her poem.
	Narrator	Somehow, it feels like her soft voice was made as a perfect match.
	Narrator	The poem isn't aimlessly cheery like Sayori is.
	Narrator	It's serene and bittersweet.
	Narrator	If I were to read this on paper, I probably wouldn't think much of it...
	Narrator	But hearing it come from Sayori's voice almost gives it a whole new meaning.
	Narrator	Maybe this is what Sayori meant when she said she likes my poems.
	Narrator	It's like I get to reach more deeply into someone I thought I knew through and through.
	Narrator	Sayori finishes, and we applaud.
	Sayori	I did it~!
	MC	Good job, Sayori.
	Sayori	Ehehe, even [player] liked it.
	Sayori	I guess that's a good sign~
	MC	What does that even mean...?
	Monika	It came out nicely, Sayori.
	Monika	The atmosphere of the poem fits you really nicely.
	Monika	But it might be that other poems wouldn't work quite as well with that kind of delivery...
	Sayori	Eh? I don't really understand...
	Monika	In other words, I've seen poems of yours where that sort of gentle delivery wouldn't work as well.
	Monika	They might need a little more force behind them, depending on what you're reading...
	Sayori	Oh, I know what you mean!
	Sayori	That's...well, I've been practicing that kind of thing...
	Sayori	It's just embarrassing to do in front of everyone...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Monika	Then next time, I'm going to make you pick a poem that challenges you a little more.
	Monika	We don't have much time before the festival, you know?
	Sayori	Okaaaaay.
	Monika	Now, who's next...?
	Monika	Natsuki?
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Natsuki	Don't make me go before [player].
	Natsuki	It's not like I can compare to you guys, anyway...
	Natsuki	Might as well let [player] lower everyone's standards a little before I have to do it.
	Sayori	Natsuki...
	MC	It's fine, it's fine.
	MC	I might as well get it over with.
	MC	But it's not like I have much of a selection of what to read...
	MC	I'll just have to go with what I wrote for today.
	Narrator	I stand up and step in front of the podium.
	Narrator	Everyone has their eyes on me, making me feel terribly awkward.
	Narrator	I recite my poem.
	Narrator	Since I'm not exactly confident in my own writing, it's hard to put energy into it.
	Narrator	Despite that, once I finish, I receive applause anyway.
	MC	Sorry I'm not really as good as everyone else...
	Monika	Don't worry about it so much.
	Monika	I think it's less about your abilities, and more about your lack of confidence in your writing.
	Monika	That's something that'll improve over time, though.
	MC	Yeah... Maybe.
	Monika	Alright, then!
	Monika	That just leaves you, Natsuki.
	Natsuki	Yeah, yeah.
	Natsuki	I'm going.
	Narrator	Natsuki begrudgingly gets out of her seat and makes her way to the podium.
	Natsuki	The poem is called...
	Natsuki	It's called...
	Natsuki	W-Why are you all looking at me?!
	Monika	Because you're presenting...
	Natsuki	Hmph...
	Natsuki	Anyway...the poem is called {i}Jump{/i}.
	Narrator	Natsuki takes a breath.
	Narrator	Once she starts reciting the poem, her sour attitude disappears a little.
	Narrator	While she's still a little unenthused, her poem has a rhythm and rhyme to it.
	Narrator	It's Natsuki's trademark style, and it works surprisingly well when spoken aloud.
	Narrator	The words feel like they bounce up and down, as if giving life to the poem.
	Narrator	Natsuki finishes, and everyone applauds.
	Narrator	She huffs back to her seat.
	Monika	That wasn't so bad, was it?
	Natsuki	Easy for you to say...
	Natsuki	You'd better not make me do that again.
	Monika	Ah, well...
	Monika	Do you at least feel prepared enough to recite a poem in front of other people?
	Natsuki	I mean, doing it in front of other people will be way easier!
	Natsuki	I can put on whatever face I want for other people.
	Natsuki	But when it's just my friends...
	Natsuki	It's just...embarrassing.
	Sayori	That's a surprise, Natsuki...
	Sayori	I think it would be the other way around for me.
	Natsuki	Well, that's just how it is, so...
	Monika	Well, I guess in that case...
	Monika	You won't have much to worry about for the festival.
	Monika	That said, I want to thank everyone for coming through.
	Monika	It might be hard, but I hope that you all have an idea of what it's like now.
	Monika	Make sure you pick a poem and get enough practice before the festival, okay?
	Monika	I'll be making pamphlets, so let me know ahead of time what you'll be reciting.
	MC	Jeez...
	MC	I should probably find some other poem to recite instead.
	Monika	That's fine, too!
	Monika	It doesn't have to be your own.
	Monika	I'm already pleasantly surprised that you're putting in all this effort for the club.
	Monika	It makes me really happy.
	MC	Ah... Yeah, no problem...
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Monika	I think that's about it for today.
	Monika	I know the festival is coming up, but let's try to write poems for tomorrow, as well.
	Monika	It's been working out really nicely so far, so I'd like to continue that.
	Monika	As for the festival, we'll finish planning tomorrow, and then we'll have the weekend to prepare.
	Monika	Monday's the big day!
	Sayori	I can't wait~!
	Yuri	I can do this... I can do this...
	MC	Alright--
	Narrator	I stand up.
	Narrator	There's no way I'll be able to find the same enthusiasm as Sayori and Monika, but I'll do my best to get through it.
	Narrator	If it's for the sake of the club...
	Narrator	And impressing Monika...
	Narrator	Then I'll have to do my best.
	MC	Ready to go, Sayori?
	Sayori	Yep!
	Natsuki	Look at you two, always going home together like that.
	Monika	It's kind of adorable, isn't it?
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	MC	Jeez, guys...
	MC	Don't make such a big deal out of it.
	Yuri	It must be a little nice, though...
	MC	Well...
	MC	Ah...
	Narrator	How am I supposed to respond to that?
	Sayori	It's okay, [player], you don't have to say it.
	MC	...Whatever. Let's go already.
	Narrator	Sayori
	Narrator	Yuri
	Narrator	I walk home with Sayori once more.
	Narrator	Even though it's only been a few days, a lot of things have already changed.
	Narrator	But today, Sayori is being a little quieter than usual on the way home.
	MC	Hey, Sayori...
	Sayori	...
	Sayori	...Sorry! I was spacing out!
	MC	Ah, no wonder...
	Sayori	Um...
	Sayori	I was...thinking about something from earlier.
	Sayori	I like how we get to...
	Sayori	I-I mean...
	Narrator	Sayori fumbles with her words.
	Sayori	So...let's just say that one day, [ch2_winner] asked to walk home with you...
	MC	Huh?!
	Sayori	What would you do?
	MC	What kind of question is that...?
	MC	You're kind of putting me on the spot here...
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Narrator	Well...
	Narrator	I would walk home with [ch2_winner].
	Narrator	Natsuki
	Narrator	I would still walk home with Sayori.
	Narrator	Then again, the festival is only a few days away...
	Narrator	Who knows what will happen in that time?
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	You really think I would ditch you for [ch2_winner]?
	Sayori	Eh?!
	Sayori	B-But...
	Narrator	Natsuki
	Sayori	She's so cute and fun to be around...
	Sayori	She's so beautiful and smart...
	MC	Jeez...
	MC	I already see her in the club every day.
	MC	Besides, you always seem to really like going home together...
	MC	I wouldn't just ruin that for you.
	Sayori	You're so silly, [player]...
	Sayori	You think about me too much sometimes.
	Sayori	[ch2_winner] would deserve it if she wanted it, so...
	MC	Sayori, I've already made up my mind.
	MC	I really can't figure you out sometimes...
	Sayori	Sorry...
	MC	Besides, what's the point in speculating something that's never going to happen?
	Sayori	Hm...
	Narrator	The conversation trails off.
	Narrator	It's kind of a weird thing for Sayori to care so much about...
	Narrator	But I want to respect her and keep her happy, too.
	MC	Walking home with Natsuki, huh...
	Narrator	Why does the thought of that make my heart pound...?
	MC	I mean...
	MC	I think I would be afraid of what she'd do to me if I turned her down...
	Sayori	Isn't she so cute and fun to be around?
	MC	Walking home with Yuri, huh...
	Narrator	Why does the thought of that make my heart pound...?
	MC	I mean...
	MC	Given how hard it is for her to socialize, I would feel awful turning her down, so...
	Sayori	Isn't she so beautiful and smart?
	MC	That has nothing to do with what I just said!
	Sayori	Ahaha! You admitted it!
	MC	Jeez...
	MC	There's not even any point in speculating something that's never going to happen.
	Sayori	Well, maybe...
	Sayori	But I just like to think about it.
	Sayori	It's not long before you won't need me anymore, you know?
	MC	Need you...?
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	I can't figure out how you're seeing things in your head right now.
	Sayori	Sorry...
	MC	Everyone is different...
	MC	Nobody in the club is a replacement for you.
	Sayori	Hmm...
	Sayori	If you say so...
	Narrator	The conversation trails off, and I'm left feeling awkward.
	Narrator	But it was kind of her fault for trapping me with such a weird question...
	Narrator	I can't just lie to her.
	Narrator	But if there's something that makes her happy, I would hate to take that away from her.
	Narrator	That's why I said there's no point in speculating.
