	Monika	Hi again, [player]!
	Monika	Glad to see you didn't run away on us. Hahaha!
	MC	Nah, don't worry.
	MC	This might be a little strange for me, but I at least keep my word.
	Narrator	Well, I'm back at the Literature Club.
	Narrator	I was the last to come in, so everyone else is already hanging out.
	Yuri	Thanks for keeping your promise, [player].
	Yuri	I hope this isn't too overwhelming of a commitment for you.
	Yuri	Making you dive headfirst into literature when you're not accustomed to it...
	Natsuki	Oh, come on! Like he deserves any slack.
	Natsuki	Sayori told me you didn't even want to join any clubs this year.
	Natsuki	And last year, too!
	Natsuki	I don't know if you plan to just come here and hang out, or what...
	Natsuki	But if you don't take us seriously, then you won't see the end of it.
	Monika	Natsuki, you certainly have a big mouth for someone who keeps her manga collection in the clubroom.
	Natsuki	M-M-M...!!
	Narrator	Natsuki finds herself stuck between saying \"Monika\" and \"Manga\".
	Natsuki	Manga is literature!!
	Narrator	Swiftly defeated, Natsuki plops back into her seat.
	Sayori	Don't worry, guys~
	Sayori	[player] always gives it his best as long as he's having fun.
	Sayori	He helps me with busywork without me even asking.
	Sayori	Like cooking, cleaning my room...
	Yuri	How dependable...
	MC	Sayori, that's because your room is so messy it's distracting.
	MC	And you almost set your house on fire once.
	Sayori	Is that so... Ehehe...
	Yuri	You two are really good friends, aren't you?
	Yuri	I might be a little jealous...
	Sayori	How come? You and [player] can become good friends too!
	Yuri	U-Um...
	MC	S-Sayori--
	Sayori	Hmm?
	MC	...
	Narrator	As usual, Sayori seems oblivious to the weird situation she just put me into.
	Sayori	Oh, oh! Yuri even brought you something today, you know~
	Yuri	W-Wait! Sayori...
	MC	Eh? Me?
	Yuri	Um... Not really...
	Sayori	Don't be shy~
	Yuri	It's really nothing...
	MC	What is it?
	Yuri	N-Never mind!
	Yuri	Sayori made it sound like a big deal when it's really not...
	Yuri	Uuuuh, what do I do...
	Sayori	Eh? I'm sorry, Yuri, I wasn't thinking...
	Narrator	I guess that means it's up to me to rescue this situation...
	MC	Hey, don't worry about it.
	MC	First of all, I wasn't expecting anything in the first place.
	MC	So any nice gesture from you is a pleasant surprise.
	MC	It'll make me happy no matter what.
	Yuri	I-Is that so...
	MC	Yeah. I won't make it a big deal if you don't want it to be.
	Yuri	Alright...
	Yuri	Well, here.
	Narrator	Yuri reaches into her bag and pulls out a book.
	Yuri	I didn't want you to feel left out...
	Yuri	So I picked out a book that I thought you might enjoy.
	Yuri	It's a short read, so it should keep your attention, even if you don't usually read.
	Yuri	And we could, you know...
	Yuri	Discuss it...if you wanted...
	Narrator	Th-This is...
	Narrator	How is this girl accidentally being so cute?
	Narrator	She even picked out a book she thinks I'll like, despite me not reading much...
	MC	Yuri, thank you! I'll definitely read this!
	Narrator	I enthusiastically take the book.
	Yuri	Phew...
	Yuri	Well, you can read it at your own pace.
	Yuri	I look forward to hearing what you think.
	Narrator	Now that everyone's settled in, I expected Monika to kick off some scheduled activities for the club.
	Narrator	But that doesn't seem to be the case.
	Narrator	Sayori and Monika are having a cheery conversation in the corner.
	Narrator	Yuri's face is already buried in a book.
	Narrator	I can't help but notice her intense expression, like she was waiting for this chance.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, Natsuki is rummaging around in the closet.
	Narrator	_exclusive_" + str(eval(poemwinner[0][0] + "_appeal
	Monika	By the way, did you remember to write a poem last night?
	MC	Y-Yeah...
	Narrator	My relaxation ends.
	Narrator	I can't believe I agreed to do something so embarrassing.
	Narrator	I couldn't really find much inspiration, since I've never really done this before.
	Monika	Well, now that everyone's ready, why don't you find someone to share with?
	Sayori	I can't wait~!
	Narrator	Sayori and Monika enthusiastically pull out their poems.
	Narrator	Sayori's is on a wrinkled sheet of loose leaf torn from a spiral notebook.
	Narrator	On the other hand, Monika wrote hers in a composition notebook.
	Narrator	I can already see Monika's pristine handwriting from where I sit.
	Narrator	Natsuki and Yuri reluctantly comply as well, reaching into their bags.
	Narrator	I do the same, myself.
	MC	Phew...
	Narrator	I guess that's everyone.
	Narrator	I glance around the room.
	Narrator	That was a little more stressful than I anticipated.
	Narrator	It's as if everyone is judging me for my mediocre writing abilities...
	Narrator	Even if they're just being nice, there's no way my poems can stand up to theirs.
	Narrator	This is a literature club, after all.
	Narrator	I sigh.
	Narrator	I guess that's what I ended up getting myself into.
	Narrator	Across the room, Sayori and Monika are happily chatting.
	Narrator	My eyes land on Yuri and Natsuki.
	Narrator	They gingerly exchange sheets of paper, sharing their respective poems.
	Narrator	As they read in tandem, I watch each of their expressions change.
	Narrator	Natsuki's eyebrows furrow in frustration.
	Narrator	Meanwhile, Yuri smiles sadly.
	Natsuki	{i}(What's with this language...?){/i}
	Yuri	Eh?
	Yuri	Um...did you say something?
	Natsuki	Oh, it's nothing.
	Narrator	Natsuki dismissively returns the poem to the desk with one hand.
	Natsuki	I guess you could say it's fancy.
	Yuri	Ah-- Thanks...
	Yuri	Yours is...cute...
	Natsuki	Cute?
	Natsuki	Did you completely miss the symbolism or something?
	Natsuki	It's clearly about the feeling of giving up.
	Natsuki	How can that be cute?
	Yuri	I-I know that!
	Yuri	I just meant...
	Yuri	The language, I guess...
	Yuri	I was trying to say something nice...
	Natsuki	Eh?
	Natsuki	You mean you have to try that hard to come up with something nice to say?
	Natsuki	Thanks, but it really didn't come out nice at all!
	Yuri	Um...
	Yuri	Well, I do have a couple suggestions...
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Natsuki	If I was looking for suggestions, I would have asked someone who actually liked it.
	Natsuki	Which people {i}did{/i}, by the way.
	Natsuki	Sayori liked it.
	Natsuki	And [player] did, too!
	Natsuki	So based on that, I'll gladly give you some suggestions of my own.
	Natsuki	First of all--
	Yuri	Excuse me...
	Yuri	I appreciate the offer, but I've spent a long time establishing my writing style.
	Yuri	I don't expect it to change anytime soon, unless of course I come across something particularly inspiring.
	Yuri	Which I haven't yet.
	Natsuki	Nn...!
	Yuri	And [player] liked my poem too, you know.
	Yuri	He even told me he was impressed by it.
	Narrator	Natsuki suddenly stands up.
	Natsuki	Oh?
	Natsuki	I didn't realize you were so invested in trying to impress our new member, Yuri.
	Yuri	E-Eh?!
	Yuri	That's not what I...!
	Yuri	Uu...
	Yuri	You...You're just...
	Narrator	Yuri stands up as well.
	Yuri	Maybe you're just jealous that [player] appreciates my advice more than he appreciated yours!
	Natsuki	Huh! And how do you know he didn't appreciate {i}my{/i} advice more?
	Natsuki	Are you that full of yourself?
	Yuri	I...!
	Yuri	No...
	Yuri	If I was full of myself...
	Yuri	...I would deliberately go out of my way to make everything I do overly cutesy!
	Natsuki	Uuuuuu...!
	Sayori	U-Um!!
	Sayori	Is everyone okay...?
	Natsuki	Well, you know what?!
	Natsuki	I wasn't the one whose boobs magically grew a size bigger as soon as [player] started showing up!!
	Yuri	N-Natsuki!!
	Monika	Um, Natsuki, that's a little--
	Natsuki/Yuri	This doesn't involve you!
	Sayori	I-I don't like fighting, guys...!
	Narrator	Suddenly, both girls turn towards me, as if they just noticed I was standing there.
	Yuri	[player]...!
	Yuri	She-- She's just trying to make me look bad...!
	Natsuki	That's not true!
	Natsuki	She started it!
	Natsuki	If she could get over herself and learn to appreciate that {i}simple{/i} writing is more effective...
	Natsuki	Then this wouldn't have happened in the first place!
	Natsuki	What's the point in making your poems all convoluted for no reason?
	Natsuki	The meaning should jump out at the reader, not force them to have to figure it out.
	Natsuki	Help me explain that to her, [player]!
	Yuri	W-Wait!
	Yuri	There's a reason we have so many deep and expressive words in our language!
	Yuri	It's the only way to convey complex feelings and meaning the most effectively.
	Yuri	Avoiding them is not only unnecessarily limiting yourself...it's also a waste!
	Yuri	You understand that, right, [player]?
	MC	Um...!
	Natsuki/Yuri	Well??
	MC	...
	Narrator	How did I get dragged into this in the first place?!
	Narrator	It's not like I know anything about writing...
	Narrator	But whomever I agree with, they'll probably think more highly of me!
	Narrator	So, of course that's going to be...!
	Narrator	Natsuki.
	Narrator	Yuri.
	Narrator	Help me, Sayori!!
	Monika	Okay, everyone!
	Monika	It's just about time for us to leave.
	Monika	How did you all feel about sharing poems?
	Sayori	It was a lot of fun!
	Yuri	Well, I'd say it was worth it.
	Natsuki	It was alright. Well, mostly.
	Monika	[player], how about you?
	MC	...Yeah, I'd say the same.
	MC	It was a neat thing to talk about with everyone.
	Monika	Awesome!
	Monika	In that case, we'll do the same thing tomorrow.
	Monika	And maybe you learned something from your friends, too.
	Monika	So your poems will turn out even better!
	MC	...
	Narrator	I think to myself.
	Narrator	I did learn a little more about the kinds of poems everyone likes.
	Narrator	With any luck, that means I can at least do a better job impressing those I want to impress.
	Narrator	I nod to myself with newfound determination.
	Sayori	[player]!
	Sayori	Ready to walk home?
	MC	Sure, let's go.
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Narrator	Sayori beams at me.
	Narrator	It truly has been a while since Sayori and I have spent this much time together.
	Narrator	I can't really say I'm not enjoying it, either.
	MC	Sayori...
	MC	About what happened earlier...
	Sayori	Eh? What do you mean?
	MC	You know, between Yuri and Natsuki.
	MC	Does that kind of thing happen often?
	Sayori	No, no, no!
	Sayori	That's really the first time I've seen them fight like that...
	Sayori	I promise they're both wonderful people.
	Sayori	You don't... You don't hate them, do you??
	MC	No, I don't hate them!
	MC	I just wanted your opinion, that's all.
	MC	I can see why they'd make good friends with you.
	Sayori	Phew...
	Sayori	You know, [player]...
	Sayori	It's nice that I get to spend time with you in the club.
	Sayori	But I think seeing you get along with everyone is what makes me the happiest.
	Sayori	And I think everyone really likes you, too!
	MC	That's--!
	Sayori	Ehehe~
	Sayori	Every day is going to be so much fun~
	MC	Sigh...
	Narrator	It looks like Sayori still hasn't caught onto the kind of situation I'm in.
	Narrator	Sure, being friends with everyone is nice, but...
	Narrator	...Does it really need to stop there?
	MC	We'll just have to see what the future holds, Sayori.
	Narrator	I pat Sayori on the shoulder.
	Narrator	I said that more to myself than to her, but it's easy to use Sayori as an internal monologue sometimes.
	Sayori	Okay~!
	Narrator	Yeah...
	Narrator	Let's do this!
	Narrator	natsuki
	MC	Um...
	MC	Yuri!
	MC	You're really talented.
	Yuri	Eh? W-Well...
	MC	But Natsuki has a point!
	MC	I think that...
	Narrator	I wrack my brain in an attempt to back myself up.
	MC	I think that conveying feelings with few words...
	MC	Can be just as impressive as well!
	MC	It lets the reader's imagination take over.
	MC	And Natsuki's poem did a really good job at that!
	Natsuki	...Yeah!!
	Natsuki	It did, didn't it?!
	Natsuki	Ahah!
	Natsuki	Shows how much {i}you{/i} know!
	Yuri	T-That's not...
	MC	Natsuki...
	MC	I think that's enough.
	Natsuki	Huh?
	Natsuki	Me?
	Natsuki	But she was so mean to me...!
	Narrator	Natsuki's voice whines.
	MC	Look...
	MC	What we talked about yesterday was right.
	MC	Writing is a really personal thing.
	MC	And sharing it can definitely be hard.
	MC	It looks like we learned that today.
	MC	Even small criticism can lead to something pretty heated.
	Narrator	I glance over my shoulder.
	Narrator	Sayori is nodding vigorously.
	MC	Yeah, so...
	MC	You don't need to feel threatened.
	MC	You're a great writer, Natsuki.
	Natsuki	Ah--
	Narrator	Natsuki's voice gets caught in surprise.
	Natsuki	...Thanks for noticing.
	Narrator	She finally mutters that, barely audible.
	MC	Yuri...
	Yuri	...?
	Narrator	Yuri looks at me dejectedly.
	Narrator	With a face like that, I can't help but feel bad for her as well.
	MC	I'm sure that Natsuki didn't mean everything she said.
	MC	So you don't need to feel threatened, either.
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	If you say so...
	Natsuki	Hey...!
	Natsuki	It's not like you need to apologize {i}for{/i} me, [player].
	Natsuki	Sheesh.
	Narrator	Natsuki takes a breath.
	Natsuki	I...
	Natsuki	The thing about...
	Natsuki	Uu...
	Narrator	Natsuki glances around the room.
	Natsuki	{i}Would everyone stop staring at me??{/i}
	Narrator	Unsurprisingly, Natsuki has a harder time with it than she boasted.
	Narrator	Sayori and Monika look away.
	Natsuki	Hmph.
	Natsuki	Anyway...!
	Natsuki	The thing about your boobs. I didn't mean it, okay?
	Natsuki	That's all.
	Narrator	Natsuki looks away, avoiding eye contact with anyone.
	Sayori	Yeah! You're naturally beautiful, Yuri!!
	MC	Sayori?!
	Yuri	...
	Yuri	I-I'll go make some tea...
	Sayori	Ehh?
	Sayori	I was just trying to help!
	MC	I'm sure she appreciated it, Sayori.
	Narrator	I pat Sayori on the shoulder.
	Monika	Well, now that we're past that...
	Monika	Everyone's read each other's poems, right?
	Monika	I hope that it was worthwhile for everyone!
	Monika	Especially you, [player]!
	Monika	And to be honest...
	Monika	It's a nice change of pace from the lazing around we got a little too used to.
	Monika	Ahahaha!
	MC	Ah, so my joining the club was responsible for ruining the atmosphere...
	Monika	No, not at all, not at all!
	Monika	There's still time before we go home.
	Monika	So we'll all relax for a bit.
	Monika	Of course, besides chatting, we do literature-related things in the clubroom...
	Monika	So maybe you can take the chance to pick up a book, or do some writing.
	Monika	After all, that's what the club is for!
	Sayori	I disagree, Monika!
	Monika	Eh? About what?
	Sayori	That's not the most important thing about the literature club!
	Sayori	The most important thing...
	Sayori	Is having fun!
	Monika	Ahaha, of course...
	Monika	Well, I guess that's why you're the Vice President, Sayori.
	Sayori	Ehehe...
	Narrator	In the end, though, Monika's right.
	Narrator	Being in the Literature Club probably means I can't spend all my time doing nothing.
	Narrator	But in the end...
	Narrator	...I guess it's been worth it so far.
	Narrator	yuri
	MC	Natsuki.
	MC	You're right that I liked your poem.
	Natsuki	See??
	MC	Wait!
	MC	That's not an excuse for you to be so mean!
	MC	You shouldn't pick a fight just because someone's opinion is different.
	Natsuki	That's not what happened at all!
	Natsuki	Yuri wouldn't even take my poem seriously!
	MC	Mm...
	MC	I understand.
	MC	Yuri.
	Yuri	Eh?
	MC	You're a seriously talented writer.
	MC	It's no secret that I was impressed.
	Yuri	W-Well, that's...
	MC	But here's the thing.
	MC	No matter how simple or refined someone's writing style is...
	MC	They're still putting feelings into it, and it becomes something really personal.
	MC	That's why Natsuki felt threatened when you said her poem was cute.
	Yuri	I...see...
	Yuri	I didn't notice that I...
	Yuri	I-I'm sorry...
	Yuri	Uuu...
	MC	But Natsuki, you took it way too far!
	MC	Yuri means well, and if you just told her how you felt...
	MC	Then this wouldn't have happened in the first place.
	Natsuki	Are you kidding?
	Natsuki	That's exactly what I did!
	Natsuki	It was {i}her{/i} that--
	Monika	Natsuki, I think that's enough.
	Monika	You both said some things that you didn't mean.
	Monika	Yuri apologized. Don't you think you should, too?
	Natsuki	Nnn...!
	Narrator	Natsuki clenches her fists.
	Narrator	In the end, nobody has taken her side.
	Narrator	She's trapped, at this point being defiant only because she can't handle the pressure.
	Narrator	I end up even feeling bad for her.
	Sayori	U-Um!
	Sayori	Sometimes when I'm hurt...
	Sayori	It helps to take a walk and clear my head!
	MC	Sayori, she doesn't need to--
	Natsuki	You know what?
	Natsuki	I'm going to do that.
	Natsuki	It'll spare me from having to look at all your faces right now.
	Narrator	Without warning, Natsuki snatches her own poem up from the desk and storms out.
	Narrator	On her way out, she crumples up the poem with her hands and throws it in the trash.
	Sayori	Natsuki...
	Monika	She really didn't need to do that...
	Narrator	I look across the room.
	Narrator	Yuri has her chin buried in her hands while she stares down at her desk.
	Narrator	I gingerly approach her and sit in an adjacent chair.
	Yuri	Sigh...
	MC	Everything alright?
	Yuri	I'm so embarrassed...
	Yuri	I can't believe I acted like that.
	Yuri	You probably hate me now...
	MC	No--Yuri!
	MC	How could anyone not have gotten frustrated after being treated like that?
	MC	You handled it as well as anyone could.
	MC	I don't think any less of you.
	Yuri	Well...
	Yuri	...Alright, I believe you.
	Yuri	Thanks, [player]. You're too kind.
	Yuri	I'm thankful to have you a part of this club now.
	MC	Er-- It's nothing.
	Yuri	One more thing...
	Yuri	Um, that one thing that Natsuki said...
	Yuri	About...you know...
	Yuri	I would never do anything...so shameful...
	Yuri	So...
	MC	...Eh?
	MC	What thing did Natsuki say?
	Yuri	--!
	Yuri	U-Um!
	Yuri	Well, never mind that...
	Yuri	I-I'm going to go make some tea...
	MC	Ah, good idea.
	MC	Make enough for more than one person, okay?
	Yuri	Y-Yeah.
	Narrator	sayori
	MC	N-Natsuki...
	Narrator	Natsuki glares at me, drying up any words I had in my mouth.
	Narrator	So instead, I turn to Yuri.
	MC	Yuri...
	Yuri	...
	Narrator	But Yuri's expression is so defenseless that I can't bring myself to say anything to her.
	MC	...
	MC	...Sayori!
	Sayori	Eh?!
	MC	...Yeah!
	MC	Everyone's fighting is making Sayori uncomfortable.
	MC	How can the two of you keep fighting when you know you're making your friend feel like this?
	Sayori	[player]...
	Natsuki	Well... That's her problem! This isn't about her.
	Yuri	I-I agree...
	Yuri	It's unfair for others to interject their own feelings into our conflict.
	Natsuki	Yeah, unless Sayori wants to tell Yuri what a stuck-up jerk she's being.
	Yuri	She would never...!
	Yuri	It's your immaturity that's made her upset in the first place!
	Natsuki	{i}Excuse{/i} me?
	Natsuki	Are you listening to yourself?
	Natsuki	This is exactly why...
	Natsuki	Exactly why nobody likes--
	Sayori	{i}Stop!!{/i}
	Natsuki/Yuri	--
	Sayori	Natsuki! Yuri!
	Sayori	You guys are my friends!
	Sayori	I-I just want everyone to get along and be happy!
	Sayori	My friends are wonderful people...
	Sayori	And I love them because of their differences!
	Sayori	Natsuki's poems...
	Sayori	They're amazing because they give you so many feelings with just a few words!
	Sayori	And Yuri's poems are amazing because they paint beautiful pictures in your head!
	Sayori	Everyone's so talented...
	Sayori	...So why are we fighting...?
	Natsuki	Be-Because...
	Yuri	Well...
	Sayori	Also!
	Sayori	Natsuki's cute and there's nothing wrong with that!
	Sayori	And Yuri's boobs are the same as they always were!
	Sayori	Big and beautiful!!
	Natsuki	...
	Yuri	...
	MC	Sayori...
	Narrator	Sayori stands triumphantly.
	Narrator	Monika stands behind her with a bewildered expression.
	Yuri	I'll...make some tea...
	Narrator	Yuri rushes off.
	Narrator	Natsuki sits down with a blank expression on her face, staring at nothing.
	MC	So, this is why Sayori is Vice President...
	Narrator	I whisper to Monika.
	Narrator	She nods in return.
	Monika	To be honest...
	Monika	I might come off as a good leader, and I can organize things...
	Monika	But I'm not very good with people...
	Monika	I couldn't even bring myself to interject.
	Monika	As President, that's kind of embarrassing of me.
	Monika	Ahaha...
	MC	Nah...
	MC	It's not like I can blame you.
	MC	I wasn't able to say anything, either.
	Monika	Well...
	Monika	I guess that just means Sayori is amazing in her own ways, isn't she?
	MC	You could say that.
	MC	She might be an airhead, but sometimes it's weirdly suspicious that she knows exactly what she's doing.
	Monika	I see~
	Monika	Take good care of her, okay?
	Monika	I would hate to see her get herself hurt.
	MC	That makes two of us...
	MC	You can count on me.
	Narrator	Monika smiles sweetly at me, causing my stomach to knot.
	Narrator	Such a genuine person really does make a good President, regardless of what she says.
	Narrator	If only I could get the chance to talk to her a little more...
